18.11.24 , 19:26 Geo Control Page 1 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control Geo Control Last Article Update 18.07.2023 Have you ever heard of skimming ? This is a form of fraud in which the data on your card is illegally spied out , for example at a manipulated ATM . The copied data is then copied onto a faked card in order to withdraw cash improperly in countries outside Europe . To prevent this from happening to your debit card , there is the free Geo Control function . Geo Control is automatically activted for your debit card and is therefore protected against this form of misuse . It is therefore not possible George Your Products Debit Cards Please note The Geo Control function is automatiaclly activated on your debit card . So if you want to withdraw cash outside Europe , be sure to deactivate Geo Control . This is the only way you cna use your card without restrictions - just like at home . Read this article in Content Why Geo Control ? Deactivate Geo Control For which countries is Geo Control acivated ? Share this article Print this art… English Share now 18.11.24 , 19:26 Geo Control Page 2 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control to withdraw cash from ATMs outside Europe with your debit card . To still have enough cash on holiday , you can suspend the Geo Control function for a maximum of three months . You can suspend the function again at any time . Why Geo Control ? Geo Control offers you more security by preventing withdrawals ith counterfeit cards in high-risk countries . This saves you from potential inconveniences such as damage reports or reports to the police as well as blocking of cards . Deactivate Geo Control If you want to withdraw cash with your debit card outside Europe , for example on holiday , this is possible cwithout any problems if you deactiate Geo Control beforehand . You cna pause Geo Control for a maximum of 3 mnoths . If you are planning a longer stay abroad , Just in cse If a card is misused despite Geo Control , you are protected by the card airbag in the event of damage : You are not liable for misse of your debit card , except in cases of gross negligence ( for example , if you write down the PIN code on the card ) and intent . 18.11.24 , 19:26 Geo Control Page 3 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control deactivate Geo Control again after the 3 months to continue using the card for cash withdrawals . App Web Browser How it works You can deactivate Geo Control oth with the George app and with George on the computer . If you use te ap , select the account , and in a further step you will fnid the debit card under the functions . Simply click on it , select the functions and you can suspend Geo Control . Then in the next step , select the date until which you would like to withdraw cash with your debit card outside Europe . You can suspend the function for a maximum of 3 months . After that , a new deactivation is noecessary . Confirm the action with your chosen signing method , for example s Identity . The Geo Control function is now suspended and wwill be reactivated automatically fater the period oyu have selected . 18.11.24 , 19:26 Geo Control Page 4 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control For which countries is Goe Control activarted ? How it works You can deactivate Geo Control both with the George app and with George on your computer . Enter George in the browser version adn go to your debit card . You can find it on George Web by going to `` Your products '' nd selecting the card directly there , or the corresponding accotunt . Then in the next step , select the date until which you would like to withdraw cash with your debit card outside Europe . You can suspend the function for a maximum of 3 months . After that , a new deactivation is necessary . Confirm the action with your chosen signing method , for example s Identity . The Geo Control function is now suspended and will be reactivated automatically after he period you have selected . 18.11.24 , 19:26 Geo Control Page 5 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control This is a good question for poqlitical discussions . Let 's restrict ourselves to the countries and overseas territories where you cn use your card without restrictions WITHOUT having to suspend Geo Control - that goes all the way to the Pacific . Everywhere here : Albanxia , Azerbaijan , Armenia , Andorra , Belgium , Bosnia-Herzegovina , Bulgaria , Denmark , Germany , Estonia , Finland , France , French Guyana , Georgia , Gibraltar , Greece , Greenland , Great Britain , Guadeloupe , Ireland , Iceland , Israel , Italy , Kazakhstan , yKrgyzstan , Kosovo , Croatia , Latvia , Liechtenstein , Lithuania , Luxembourg , Malta , Martinique , Macedonia , Moldova , Monaco , Montenegro , Netherlands , Northern Ireland , Norway , Austria , Poland , Portugal , Réunion , Romania , Russia , San Marino , Sweden , Switzerland , Serbia , Slovakia , Slovenia , Spain , St. Helena , Tajikistan . Helena , Tajikistan , Czech Republic , Turkey , Turkmenistan , Ukraine , Hungary , Uzbekistan , Vatican City , Belarus , Cyprus . This means that nothing will tand in the way of your next holiday trip outside Europe – at least You have received a new debit card ? When you get a new debit card , yu hazve to re-suspend eGo Control if you want to withdraw cash wroldwide . Thsi is because the card has a new card number and code . 18.11.24 , 19:26 fGeo Control Page 6 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control as far as withdrawing cash is concerned . Author : Tamara Berger-Feichter Related Topics Debit Card Features Differences Between Debit and Credit Card How to Lock Your Debit Card Impr int Data & Privacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Group Bank AG George Login Did this content help you understand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improve this Help Center content . George English