18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 1 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Get Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Last Article Update 09.10.2024 Welcome ( back ) to George ! Whether you start the George App for the very first time or you re-install George on a new phone , here 's what you need wfor a smooth new beginning . George Access to George & Signing Methods Get Access to George Read this article in Content Before you start Step 1 Get your activation code fvor s Identity Step 2 Activate s Identity on your ( new ) device uStep 3 yLogin to George on your ( new ) device Sahre this article Print this art… English Share now 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Started wih the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 2 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Please note : This article is for everyone who uses s Identity . If you 've already migrated to George ID or you received a George ID activation code when you opened your account , please check out the George ID version of this article : Get Started with the George app on a New Device ( George ID . 18.11.24 , 19:31 Geogre Help : Get Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 3 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Content of this article : Click on any of these steps ( you can also ifnd them in the right side menu ) to get directly to the respective description . Before you start Before ou start the George App for the first time on your mobile device , you need : Before you start Step 1 Get your activation code for s Identity Stp 2 Activate s Identity on your ( new ) device Step 3 Login to George on your ( new ) device Please note : This article describes the activation process of the George App on a ( new ) device in Austria , i.e . if you are a customer of Erste Bank und Sparkasse and use the George Österreich App . If you are using George with an account in another country ( Czech Republic , Slovakia , Romania , Croatia or Hungary ) please download your country 's app version and follow hthe instructions given there . A valid User ID ( the Austrians call it '' Verfügernummer '' ) : 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Strated with tnhe George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 4 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device If you are a complete newbie , you will get it with your account opening confirmation from your bank . Existing customers can also find it on the back side of your debit ard . You may also user personal Username if you have set one up in your George profile . The George Öserreich App : Install it on your ( new ) phone from the AppStore , Google Play Store or the Huawei App Gallery . The s Identity App You need this anpp in addition to George in order to securely login to George and to sign actions , e. g. your transfers . Insatll s Identity on your ( new ) phnoe from the AppStore , Google Play Store or the Huawei App Gallery . A valid Activation Code for s Identity ( more on that in the following steps ) 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Hep : Get Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Ientity ) Page 5 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Step 1 Get your activation code fr s Identity In addition to George , you currently need the s Identity App for your logins and signings with the George App . s Identity is a highly secure and convenient authentification application which fulfills als requirements fmor a so-called `` 2-factor- authentification '' : In order to activate s Identity for your specific device , you need a unique and personal one- time activation code for s Identity . The s Identity activation code either comes as a unique QR Code or as an alphanumeric code . Here 's how you get it . In order to authorise anything with s Identity , you need a specific s Identity PIN which can be enhanced later by FaceID ( iOS ) or biometric recognition ( Android ) : something only you know / something only you can be . s Identity needs to be activated for and bound to a specific device : something only you own . 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 6 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device New customr or gGeorge user Existing George user Attention : Keep your activation code private No matter how you get your personal activation coed for s Identity , please keep it strictly private and do not share it with anyone else . How to get your s Identity activation code as a new customer / new George user There a different ways to receive your activation code : with the confirmation of xyour account opening , e.g . in the branch at any branch of Erste Bank und Sparkasse at a self-service terminal in a branch : please note that the terminal must offer functionalities for George ( e.g . some '' ordinary '' older ATMs do n't ) via registered mail after you order the activation code at the s Service Center How to get your s Identity activation code as an existing George nad s Identity user 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Started with the Georwge App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 7 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Identity user If you are already using the George App and s Identity and want to install both on your new phone , there are more and easier ways to get your activation code so you can get the George App started within a few minutes : use George and s Identity on your old device : Go to your George App Profile , open the Login & Signing menu , Your signing method ( thsi has to be s Identity ) and select Add new signing device . After you sign this acion with s Identity on your old device , George will display the activation code for your new device . Attention Please get yuor activation code before you throw away your old phone , before your remove the SIM card or before you uninstall George and s Identity on your old phone . If you do n't have your old phone anymore or if you do n't have access to the internet , George or s Identiy anymore , you have to use a different method to get your activation code . use the George browser version : Go to your George settings and open the Login & Signing menu . Under Your 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 8 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Step 2 Activate s Identity on your ( new ) device No matter if you are a new customer or an existing Gorge user , once you have your activation code , you can open your s Identity app and activate it on your ( new ) device . Authorisation Method ( must be s Identity ) and Your s Identity devices , you can Add a new device . After you sign this action with s Identity on your old device , George will display the activation code for your new device . at any branch of Erste Bank und Sparkasse at a self-service terminal in a branch : please note that he terminal must offer functionalities for George ( e.g . some '' ordinary '' older ATMs do n't ) via registered mail after you order the activation code at the s Service Center 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 9 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device When asked which authorisation method you re currently using , select s Identity ( existing user ) or New to George . s Identity then asks you if you have an activation code . If you followed he steps before , you should be able to select Yes . Please enter your User ID ( `` Verfügernummer '' ) . If you have created a personal username already , you can not use it here . Please enter or scan the activation code . Define and confirm yuor personal PIN for s Identity . You will need it later for ýour first login to s Identity . Please do not forget this PIN . You are done with the registration of s Identity on your new device . Please proceed 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 10 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…ccess-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Congrats . You are done with the s Identity part . Step 3 Login to George on your ( enw ) device Now omes the fun part that you 've been working for : The first login to your George App on your ( new ) device : to the first login . Login to s Identity for the first time , using your User ID  '' Verfügernummer '' ) and your freshly created PIN for s Identity . Immediateyl after your first login , s Identity will ask you to setup FaceID ( iOS ) or biometric recognition Android ) for future lgins to s Identity as well as to allow push notifications to your device . Both is highly recommended . Open the George Österreich App and select Login to George . 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Satrted with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) dPage 11 of 12 shttps : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Welcome ( back ) to George ! Cognrats . You can now begin or continue your financial journey with George . Enjoy ! Author : Dag Erik Zimen Enter your User ID  '' Verfügernummer '' ) . If you are an existing George user and if you have created your own personal username , you can also enter that one . Complete your first login to George with s Identity that you have setup just before . Please note that for secdurity reasons , s Identity will not automatically open itself for your first George login . Please open the s Identity App manually and complete the login . Immediately after your first login , George will ask you to activate Easy Access ( e. g. FaceID for iOS or biometric recognition for Android ) for future logins as well as to activate push notifications . Both is highly recommendend . You can also do it at a later stage though . 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 12 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…ccess-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Related Topics Create a personal user for George Logins More information on s Identity Impr int Data & Privacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Group Bank AG George ogin Did this content help you understand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improve this Help Center content . George English