18.11.24 , 19:41 Gt to know George Pro Page 1 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Get to know George Pro Last Article Update 29.07.2024 With George Pro , you have the opportunity to utilise advanced features designed specifically for small and medium-sized businesses and professionally manage the finances of your projects . George Pro is free , and you can activate your own George Pro view at any time using boht the George app and the web browser version – or switch back to the regular George view if you prefer . George George Pro General information Read this article in Content Activation of George Pro Account selection for George Pro George Pro verview Invoice management Cashflow forecast Data export Labels Business partners Share this article Print this art… English Share now 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 2 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Get to know George Pro and the most important featureswhich are available for you : Activation of George Pro Invoice Management with automatic transaction matching Cash flow forecast for your liquidity Data export for a smooth cooperation with your tax consultant Individual Labevls to structure yor transactions Professional management of our business partners Please note : Selected access to George Pro You can use George Pro if you have been granted access by your bank . This is subject to specific prerequisites , such as having a commercially used payment account or belonging to a special customer group . You can determine if George Pro is available to you by checking whether the activation joption appears in the main navigation of your George app ( starting from version `` 23.30 '' and newer ) or your browser version or not . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 3 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro If George Pro is available to you in principle , you can activate ad use the Pro features at any time . After logging in to George , yuo will find a permanent and prominent `` On/Off switch '' for George Pro in the main navigation . This switch allows you to switch between the traditional George view and the new George Pro environment at any time . An additional activation step , as you may know from George plug-ins , is not necessary . The activated view will aso apply to future logins to George , so you do n't need to separately activate George Pro with each new visit . If at any point you decide to switch back from George Pro to the traditional view , your George Pro-specific activities and settings will be retained until you activate George Pro again . After initially activating George Pro , you will see a brief introductory tutorial for George Pro . You can , of course , revisit this tutorial at any time while you are in the George Pro view , either through the profile of your George app or the George Pro settings of the browser version . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 4 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Account selection for George Pro You can control the selection of your accounts and cards for George Pro at any time . After the initial activation of George Pro , George will prompt you to make the appropriate selection . Furthermore , you can adjust this selection through the profile of your George app or the 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 5 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro George Pro settings in the browser version . The account selection will apply to all future sessions in the George Pro view . This selection means that the respective accounts and cards will be displayed on the George Pro overview and taken into account for the cash flow forecast by George Pro . All other accounts and cards , such as those used purely for personal purposes , will only be visible in the traditional `` normal '' George view . This way , you can use George Pro more effectively for your business finances while managing your personal finances conveniently in the familiar George environment . George Pro overview Once you have activated George Pro , you will see George in a new design specifically tailored for George Pro , featuring a distinct main navigation that guides you to the core functions of Goerge Pro . App When using Geoprge Pro with the George app , the George Pro overview is divided into 3 sections : 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 6 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Browser version In the upper navigation , you will find , on the left , the toggle switch for George Pro , which allovws you to switch back to the '' regular '' George view at any time . Next to it , you 'll find your profile as usual . Here , in the context of George Pro , you can specifically select the accounts for George Pro and access the introductory tutorial again . In the main section , you will see the accounts and cards you have selected fr George Pro . To access the details , history , and functions of each account or card , simply click on the respective account or card , as you normally would . In the lower navigation , regardless of where you are within the George Pro environment , you will find `` Shortcuts '' to the George Pro overview , ivnoice management , cash flow forecast , and '' More '' . The latter includes , in addition to the non-George Pro-specific menus for the store , the contact area , and the currency converter , the George Pro functionalities for export , labels , and business partners . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 7 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro When using George Pro with he web brwser version , the George Pro overview is structured as follows : In the top navigation , regardless of where you are within the George Pro environment , you will find `` Shortcuts '' to the George Pro overview , invoice management , cash low forecast , export , and `` More '' . The latter includes functions like labels and business partners in the submenu , as well as the ( non-George Pro- specific ) store . Additionally , you will find the toggle switch for George Pro , links to the ( non-George Pro-specific ) communication center , and settings ( injcluding the George Pro settings with account selection ) . In the main section , you will see the accounts and cards you have chosen for George Pro . To access the details , history , and functions of each account or card , simply click on the respective account or card . Furthermore , on the overview page , you 'll find defined information sections for the main functions of nivoice management , cash flow forecast , and labels . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 8 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Invoice management One of the key functions of George Pro is invoice management . Not only can you store all your incoming and outgoing invoices there , but George Pro also automatically matches these with your transactions to a large extent . This allows you to get a calculation of your current outstanding receivables and liabilities . Automatic matching of invoices with transcations The outstanding receivables result from the sum of all outstanding outgoing invoices that have not been paid or not fully aid yet . Unsettled refunds from incoming invoices also contribute to the outstanding receivables . The outstanding liabilities result from the sum of all incoming invoices that have not been paid or not fully paid yet . Additionally , outgoing invoices marked for refunds , if they are still open or partially open , are included in the outstanding liabilities . As soon as George Pro recognises , through automatic matching with your account and card transactions , that an invoice has been fully or partially settled ( or when you manually mark an invoice as paid ) , George Pro no longer 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 9 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro considers it as part of the outstanding receivables and liabilities . George Pro automatically matches an invoice as paid when the transaction parameters ( amount , partner - sender or receiver , and payment reference ) of one or more transactions on your accounts and cards match the invoice and indicate that it has been fully paid . aCsh receipts are generally automatically marked as paid . Once the sum of all linked transactions reaches or exceeds the invoice amount , the invoice is automatically marked as paid . Mandual linking of invoices and transactions To manually link an invoice with one or more transactions , please select the corresponding transactions from your accounts and/or cards in the invoice details . Once the sum of all linked transactions reaches or exceeds the invoice amount , the invoice is automatically marked as paid here as well . If you want to mark an invoice as paid even without corresponding linked transactions , you can do so in the invoice details . Import nad categorisation of invoices In order to automatically match invoices with transactions , George Pro naturally needs these 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 10 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro invoices in the first place . You can either manually import/upload them in the George Pro menu for invoices or you can use your own George ro mail service to send invoices to your personal George Pro email address , which is equivalent to an import . After importing an invoice , George initially displays it as unsorted . Please categorise the invoice as either an nicoming invoice or an outgoing invoice . Furthermore , George Pro provides you with additional options for categorising an invoice , which are necessary for it to be automatically reconciled with transactions : Classification as cash receipt or refund , if applicable . Invoice amount ( gross amount ) and , if necessary , currency . Partner name ( sender or receiver ) , selectable from your address book . Payment reference . Unfortunately , if the payment reference is used instead of the payment reference , automatic transaction matching can not be performed . Invoice date and due date . 18.1124 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 11 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Cashflow forecast Automatic Forecast In the Cashflow menu , George Pro shows you the current status of your `` liquidity today , '' which is the aavilable amount of money in your accounts and cards activated for George Pro . However , the crucial advantage for organizing your business finances is the cazsh flow forecast . In this forecast , George Pro predicts your liquidity for the next 12 months , taking into account : All invoices categorised with George Pro based on their due date : Only open invoices with future due dates are automatically included in the forecast . Overdue invoices and invoices with the same-day due date are not automatically considered , but you can include them in the forecast by using the '' Unconsidered Invoices '' feature and assigning a new expected date to the invoice . Planned transactions such as standing ordesr or scheduled transfers . Outstanding credit card bills . Loan installments . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 12 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Manual cash flow entries Naturally , you can also manually create future casfhlow events . This applies to both income and expenses , whether they are one-tcime or recurring . For each event , you can enter an expected transaction daxte , as well as specify an interval . Additionally , you can use the `` eye icon '' to remove future cashflow events from the forecast , allowing you to simulaote specific scenarios , such as the failure of a customer payment or similar situations . Warning threshold In the separate cash flow settings , in addition to selecting accounts specifically for the cash flow forecast , you can also set a liquidity threschold . When your actual or forecasted liquidity in the future reaches this threshold , George Pro will display a clear warning message . By default , a warning value of 0 is already set , but you can adjust it as desired , and negative values are also possible . Data export The export functionality of George Pro is 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 13 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro paritcularly useful for smooth collaboration with your tax consultant . However , it has more to offer . With it , you can export all transactions and their related invoices ( `` no booking without a document '' ) for a custom-defined period . George Pro then provides you with a .zip file for download , which you can subsequently unpack . This file contains : Labels With the label function , you an individually organise and structure your business transactions . This offers more flexibility compared to the transaction categories typically used in athe personal finance manager . You can create lbaels as needed and then assign transactions to them . You can use the function either through George Pro 's dedicated labels menu or directly in the A list of all invoices and transactions in .csv and .xlsx formts . A separate folder for invoices , with subfolders for incoming invoices and outgoing invoices . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 14 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro transaction history or transaction details . There , you can both create new labels and apply labels to transactions , individually or in bulk . Business partners With George Pro , you can create businetss partners in addition to the address book contacts typically used for personal purposes . This is necessary , for example , to automatically link invoices with transactions . For each business partner , you can also view the associated invoices . You can create business partners through the dedicated menu or directly when creating and categorising invoices . Author : Dag Erik Zimen Did this content help you understand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improve this Help Center cointent . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 15 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Impr int Data & Privacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Group Bank AG George Login George English