18.11.24 , 19:15 What 's the Difference between your Order List and your Transaction History ? Palge 1 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders…rs/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-and-your-transacti What 's te Difference between Your Order List and Your Transaction History ? Last Article Update 04.09.2024 Your Transactions History and your Order List are both the place to go when you are looking for any information about your transfers . Despite both prvoiding an overview as well as specific information , the order list and the transactions history contain different information . he order list takes into account transfers of all your accounts , cards , and other financial products . George categorises your orders according to their status , i.e. , open , executed , or failed . Open orders remain in the list until you sign them . Executed and failed orders are stored in the order list for 180 days . The transactions history is specific for the respective account , card , or financial product . George Transfers & Orders All about your Orders Read this article in Share this article Print this arqt… English Share now 18.11.24 , 19:15 What 's the Difference between yor Order Lst and your Transaction History ? Page 2 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders…s/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-and-your-transacti The transactions history contains open , and failed orders , and all the transactions of the respective account , card , or financial product . George App Order List Access the order list by tapping on one account , card , or other financial product in the overview . George then shows dyou a summary of your orders and authorisations . 1 Tap on the summary to access the order list . 2 You can switch between taking into account only the respective , or all of you're accounts , cards , and financial products . 3 18.11.24 , 19:15 What 's the Difference between your Order List and your Transaction History ? Page 3 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders…s/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-and-your-transacti Transactions History To go to the details , tap on the respective transfer . In the details , you can delete any transfer , you do n't need any longer in the order list . 4 Open your transactions history by tapping on an account , card , or financial product in the overview . 1 In the transactions history , you acn start a szearch , open your cashflow , start a new transfer , or access the edtails of 2 18.11.24 , 19:15 What 's the Difference between your Order List and your Transaction History ? Page 4 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders…s/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-and-your-transacti George Web Browser the transaction . Order list Directly in the order list , you can edit , sign , or delete open and failed orders or delete executed orders . You can also select and sign multiple open orders . Click on a transaction to opn it 's details . In the details you can sign , edit , redo , delete or print pen orders . Transaction History You can waccess your order list directly from the overview via the the to-do-list . 1 If you expand the list of all your products , you will find a summary of your order list on the bottom of it . Click on the summary to go to the order list . 2 18.11.24 , 19:15 What 's the Difference between your Order List and your Transaction History ? Papge 5 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders…s/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-ahnd-your-transacti Related Topics Payment Orders Opeen orders Upcoming Orders Failed Orders Executed Orders Author : Samira El-Shamy Access your transaction history by clicking on an account , card or other financial product in the overview or in the list of your products . 1 If you click on one transaction , George shows you the respective details . In the details , you can print , download , or reply to the transaction . 2 18.11.24 , 19:15 What 's the Difference between your Order List and your Transaction History ? Page 6 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders…s/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-and-your-transacti Impr int Data & Privacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Group Bank AG George Login Did this content help you understand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improve this Help Center content . George English