18.11.24, 19:21
Credit Card Notifications from George
Page 1 of 9
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications---sms-service
Credit Card
Notifications from
George
Last Article Update 12.07.2024
Notifications are important if you want to keep
up to date with what's happening with your
credit card, without you having to take any
action yourself. Information about purchases
you have made or conversions into foreign
currencies not only serves to keep you
informed, but also makes a significant
contribution to security by keeping you
promptly informed about any activity on your
card. In the following article you will learn in
detail how notifications work, how you can
activate them, what additional notification
options are available to you through George
and what other diverse functions the
notifications offer.
 
George 
Your Products 
Credit Cards
Read this
article in
Content
Direct notifications
from George
Receive push
messages
How to activate
notifications
Customisable
Types of notifications
SMS Service
How to activate your
SMS services
What a SMS
notification contains
Share this article
Print this art…
English
Share now
18.11.24, 19:21
Credit Card Notifications from George
Page 2 of 9
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications---sms-service
Direct notifications from George
With George, you have the option of activating
push notifications to receive notifications
directly from George. You can activate or edit
these via the George web and George app
version, so the changes are also possible when
you are travelling and only have your
smartphone with you.  
18.11.24, 19:21
Credit Card Notifications from George
Page 3 of 9
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications---sms-service
Receive push messages
George notifications can do more than just
inform you about your credit card transactions:
Your salary is coming. You pay by card. The
share price is rising. Your household budget is
about to burst. George notifications inform you
immediately when something happens with your
finances.
How to activate notifications
App
Web
 
To activate the notifications, click on your
profile in the app version of George. Then
select the menu item "Notifications". Here
you can decide when you would like to
receive a push notification. Under the
"Cards" menu item, select which cards you
would like to be informed about. For
example, you can decide whether you only
want to be informed about your credit card
transactions or also about transactions on
your debit card.
18.11.24, 19:21
Credit Card Notifications from George
Page 4 of 9
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications---sms-service
Customisable
To activate the notifications, click on your
settings in the in the desktop version of
George. Then select the menu item
"Notifications".
 
In the notifications overview, you find the
"Cards" menu item. Select here which cards
you would like to be informed about. For
example, you can decide whether you only
want to be informed about your credit card
transactions or also about transactions on
your debit card.
 
You can also decide how you want to get
notified - via the George App or George Web
or via email. 
 
In the last step George shows you the
summary and you can sign the
action. George will then inform you when
there is something happening on your cards.
18.11.24, 19:21
Credit Card Notifications from George
Page 5 of 9
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications---sms-service
Choose the notifications you want and only
receive messages that are important to you. You
can also specify the amount or keyword for
which you would like to receive a notification. 
Types of notifications
A distinction is made between general
notifications, for example when you pay or
withdraw money with one of your selected
cards, and regulatory notifications, which are
mandatory, for example regarding currency
conversion if you pay with your card in a
country that does not use the euro.  
 
If you have activated the notifications, George
will inform you of all important information. For
example, if a payment order has failed, if you do
not have sufficient funds for an upcoming
standing order, or if your credit card needs to be
blocked due to suspected fraud. 
Please note
If you are not receiving any push notifications even
though you have activated them in the app or via the
web, this is usually because you have not authorised
notifications in the George app settings on your
smartphone. Please check your settings and activate
the notification function if it is not active. This is the
only way to receive push notifications from George.
18.11.24, 19:21
Credit Card Notifications from George
Page 6 of 9
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications---sms-service
SMS Service
The SMS service with s credit cards provides
you with quick information and security through
notification by SMS. You will also receive a text
message if your new credit card or PIN code
has been sent by post or if you have changed
your PIN code at a self-service machine in the
foyer of a branch of Erste Bank und Sparkasse.
How to activate your SMS services
Web Browser
A tip
If you would also like to be informed via channels other
than your smartphone, you can make the settings for
this directly in the George desktop version. Here you
can choose between notifications in the app (push
notifications), via George Web or via e-mail.
A tip
The SMS service is not available for all types of credit
card. The service is only available for First, Gold or
Platinum credit cards. For all other cards, please
activate the notifications for George as described
above, for example push messages or e-mail
notifications. 
The activation is possible via the George
18.11.24, 19:21
Credit Card Notifications from George
Page 7 of 9
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications---sms-service
p
g
Desktop version. To do this, select the
desired credit card in the menu under "Your
products". Or select it directly in the
overview.
 
In the next step, select "Notifications" in the
side menu. George will take you to the
activation of the SMS services.
 
Here, to activate the service, you need am
mobile phone number. George has already
automatically pre-filled the telephone
number from your profile. If you would like to
have the SMS notifications sent to a
different number, you can add a new one
and, if desired, set this as the main phone
number. 
 
If the telephone number on which you would
like to receive your notifications matches
and you have read the information sheet and
the terms and conditions, you can confirm
the SMS service with your authorisation.
 
The SMS service is now active. And George
will contact you via SMS as soon as he
notices any account movement on your card.
18.11.24, 19:21
Credit Card Notifications from George
Page 8 of 9
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications---sms-service
App
What a SMS notification contains
 
The SMS contains the following information
Please switch to the George Desktop
version. Activation of the SMS services is
currently only possible with George in the
web version. 
The last four digits of your credit card
number
Information on whether the transaction was
successful or declined, or whether it is a
credit or cancellation from a merchant
Date and time
The amount in the original currency and the
abbreviation of the currency in which
payment was made
The merchant name
Your available amount on the card after the
payment has been made
18.11.24, 19:21
Credit Card Notifications from George
Page 9 of 9
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications---sms-service
Author: Tamara Berger-Feichter
Related Topics
Your Credit Card Overview
How to Lock Your Credit Card
Credit Card Features
Impr
int
Data &
Privacy
Cook
ies
© 2023 Erste Group
Bank AG
George Login
Good to know
The SMS service also works without an Internet
connection. You just need to be connected to the
mobile phone network. This means you are well
protected when you are on the move and know about
transactions on your card at all times.
Did this content help you
understand George better?
Oh yes! G(e)orgeous.
No, please improve this Help Center content.
George
English
