18.11.24, 19:26
Geo Control
Page 1 of 6
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control
Geo Control
Last Article Update 18.07.2023
Have you ever heard of skimming? This is a
form of fraud in which the data on your card is
illegally spied out, for example at a
manipulated ATM. The copied data is then
copied onto a faked card in order to withdraw
cash improperly in countries outside Europe.
To prevent this from happening to your debit
card, there is the free Geo Control function.
Geo Control is automatically activated for your
debit card and is therefore protected against
this form of misuse. It is therefore not possible
George 
Your Products 
Debit Cards
Please note
The Geo Control function is automatically activated on
your debit card. So if you want to withdraw cash
outside Europe, be sure to deactivate Geo Control. This
is the only way you can use your card without
restrictions - just like at home.
Read this
article in
Content
Why Geo Control?
Deactivate Geo
Control
For which countries is
Geo Control
activated?
Share this article
Print this art…
English
Share now
18.11.24, 19:26
Geo Control
Page 2 of 6
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control
to withdraw cash from ATMs outside Europe
with your debit card. To still have enough cash
on holiday, you can suspend the Geo Control
function for a maximum of three months. You
can suspend the function again at any time.
Why Geo Control?
Geo Control offers you more security by
preventing withdrawals with counterfeit cards in
high-risk countries. This saves you from
potential inconveniences such as damage
reports or reports to the police as well as
blocking of cards.
Deactivate Geo Control
If you want to withdraw cash with your debit
card outside Europe, for example on holiday,
this is possible without any problems if you
deactivate Geo Control beforehand. You can
pause Geo Control for a maximum of 3 months.
If you are planning a longer stay abroad,
Just in case
If a card is misused despite Geo Control, you are
protected by the card airbag in the event of damage:
You are not liable for misuse of your debit card, except
in cases of gross negligence (for example, if you write
down the PIN code on the card) and intent.
18.11.24, 19:26
Geo Control
Page 3 of 6
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control
deactivate Geo Control again after the 3 months
to continue using the card for cash withdrawals.
App
Web Browser
How it works
 
You can deactivate Geo Control both with
the George app and with George on the
computer. If you use the app, select the
account, and in a further step you will find
the debit card under the functions. Simply
click on it, select the functions and you can
suspend Geo Control.
 
Then in the next step, select the date until
which you would like to withdraw cash with
your debit card outside Europe. You can
suspend the function for a maximum of 3
months. After that, a new deactivation is
necessary.
 
Confirm the action with your chosen signing
method, for example s Identity. The Geo
Control function is now suspended and will
be reactivated automatically after the period
you have selected.
18.11.24, 19:26
Geo Control
Page 4 of 6
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control
For which countries is Geo Control
activated?
How it works
You can deactivate Geo Control both with
the George app and with George on your
computer. Enter George in the browser
version and go to your debit card. You can
find it on George Web by going to "Your
products" and selecting the card directly
there, or the corresponding account.
 
Then in the next step, select the date until
which you would like to withdraw cash with
your debit card outside Europe. You can
suspend the function for a maximum of 3
months. After that, a new deactivation is
necessary.
Confirm the action with your chosen signing
method, for example s Identity. The Geo
Control function is now suspended and will
be reactivated automatically after the period
you have selected.
18.11.24, 19:26
Geo Control
Page 5 of 6
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control
This is a good question for political discussions.
Let's restrict ourselves to the countries and
overseas territories where you can use your
card without restrictions WITHOUT having to
suspend Geo Control - that goes all the way to
the Pacific.
Everywhere here:
Albania, Azerbaijan, Armenia, Andorra, Belgium,
Bosnia-Herzegovina, Bulgaria, Denmark,
Germany, Estonia, Finland, France, French
Guyana, Georgia, Gibraltar, Greece, Greenland,
Great Britain, Guadeloupe, Ireland, Iceland,
Israel, Italy, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Kosovo,
Croatia, Latvia, Liechtenstein, Lithuania,
Luxembourg, Malta, Martinique, Macedonia,
Moldova, Monaco, Montenegro, Netherlands,
Northern Ireland, Norway, Austria, Poland,
Portugal, Réunion, Romania, Russia, San Marino,
Sweden, Switzerland, Serbia, Slovakia, Slovenia,
Spain, St. Helena, Tajikistan. Helena, Tajikistan,
Czech Republic, Turkey, Turkmenistan, Ukraine,
Hungary, Uzbekistan, Vatican City, Belarus,
Cyprus.
This means that nothing will stand in the way of
your next holiday trip outside Europe – at least
You have received a new debit card?
When you get a new debit card, you have to re-suspend
Geo Control if you want to withdraw cash worldwide.
This is because the card has a new card number and
code.
18.11.24, 19:26
Geo Control
Page 6 of 6
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control
as far as withdrawing cash is concerned.
Author: Tamara Berger-Feichter
Related Topics
Debit Card Features
Differences Between Debit and Credit Card
How to Lock Your Debit Card
Impr
int
Data &
Privacy
Cook
ies
© 2023 Erste Group
Bank AG
George Login
Did this content help you
understand George better?
Oh yes! G(e)orgeous.
No, please improve this Help Center content.
George
English
