18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 1 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
Get Started with
the George App
on a New Device
(s Identity)
Last Article Update 09.10.2024
Welcome (back) to George! Whether you start
the George App for the very first time or you
re-install George on a new phone, here's what
you need for a smooth new beginning.
 
George 
Access to George & Signing Methods 
Get Access to George
Read this
article in
Content
Before you start
Step 1 Get your
activation code for s
Identity
Step 2 Activate s
Identity on your (new)
device
Step 3 Login to
George on your (new)
device
Share this article
Print this art…
English
Share now
18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 2 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
Please note:
This article is for everyone who uses s Identity. If
you've already migrated to George ID or you received a
George ID activation code when you opened your
account, please check out the George ID version of this
article: Get Started with the George app on a New
Device (George ID.
18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 3 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
Content of this article:
Click on any of these steps (you can also find
them in the right side menu) to get directly to
the respective description.
Before you start
Before you start the George App for the first
time on your mobile device, you need:
Before you start
Step 1 Get your activation code for s
Identity
Step 2 Activate s Identity on your (new)
device
Step 3 Login to George on your (new)
device
Please note:
This article describes the activation process of the
George App on a (new) device in Austria, i.e. if you are
a customer of Erste Bank und Sparkasse and use the
George Österreich App.
If you are using George with an account in another
country (Czech Republic, Slovakia, Romania, Croatia or
Hungary) please download your country's app version
and follow the instructions given there.
A valid User ID (the Austrians call it
"Verfügernummer"):
18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 4 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
 
 
If you are a complete newbie, you will get it
with your account opening confirmation from
your bank. 
Existing customers can also find it on the
back side of your debit card. You may also
user personal Username if you have set one
up in your George profile.
The George Österreich App: Install it on your
(new) phone from the AppStore, Google Play
Store or the Huawei App Gallery.
The s Identity App You need this app in
addition to George in order to securely login
to George and to sign actions, e. g. your
transfers. Install s Identity on your (new)
phone from the AppStore, Google Play
Store or the Huawei App Gallery.
A valid Activation Code for s Identity (more
on that in the following steps)
18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 5 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
Step 1 Get your activation code for s
Identity
In addition to George, you currently need the s
Identity App for your logins and signings with
the George App.
s Identity is a highly secure and convenient
authentification application which fulfills als
requirements for a so-called "2-factor-
authentification":
In order to activate s Identity for your specific
device, you need a unique and personal one-
time activation code for s Identity.
The s Identity activation code either comes as a
unique QR Code or as an alphanumeric code.
Here's how you get it.
 
In order to authorise anything with s Identity,
you need a specific s Identity PIN which can
be enhanced later by FaceID (iOS) or
biometric recognition (Android): something
only you know / something only you can be.
s Identity needs to be activated for and
bound to a specific device: something only
you own. 
18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 6 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
New customer or George user
Existing George user
Attention: Keep your activation code private
No matter how you get your personal activation code
for s Identity, please keep it strictly private and do not
share it with anyone else. 
How to get your s Identity activation
code as a new customer / new George
user
There a different ways to receive your
activation code:
with the confirmation of your account
opening, e.g. in the branch
at any branch of Erste Bank und
Sparkasse
at a self-service terminal in a branch:
please note that the terminal must offer
functionalities for George (e.g. some
"ordinary" older ATMs don't)
via registered mail after you order the
activation code at the s Service Center
How to get your s Identity activation
code as an existing George and s
Identity user
18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 7 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
Identity user
If you are already using the George App and
s Identity and want to install both on your
new phone, there are more and easier ways
to get your activation code so you can get
the George App started within a few
minutes:
 
use George and s Identity on your old
device:
Go to your George App Profile, open the
Login & Signing menu, Your signing
method (this has to be s Identity) and
select Add new signing device. 
After you sign this action with s Identity
on your old device, George will display
the activation code for your new device.
Attention
Please get your activation code before you throw
away your old phone, before your remove the SIM
card or before you uninstall George and s Identity
on your old phone.
If you don't have your old phone anymore or if you
don't have access to the internet, George or s
Identiy anymore, you have to use a different
method to get your activation code.
use the George browser version:
Go to your George settings and open the
Login & Signing menu. Under Your
18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 8 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
Step 2 Activate s Identity on your
(new) device
No matter if you are a new customer or an
existing George user, once you have your
activation code, you can open your s Identity
app and activate it on your (new) device.
 
 
Authorisation Method (must be s Identity)
and Your s Identity devices, you can Add
a new device.
After you sign this action with s Identity
on your old device, George will display
the activation code for your new device.
at any branch of Erste Bank und
Sparkasse
at a self-service terminal in a branch:
please note that the terminal must offer
functionalities for George (e.g. some
"ordinary" older ATMs don't)
via registered mail after you order the
activation code at the s Service Center
18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 9 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
 
 
 
 
 
When asked which authorisation method
you're currently using, select s Identity
(existing user) or New to George.
s Identity then asks you if you have an
activation code. If you followed the steps
before, you should be able to select Yes.
Please enter your User ID
("Verfügernummer"). If you have created a
personal username already, you cannot use it
here.
Please enter or scan the activation code.
Define and confirm your personal PIN for s
Identity. You will need it later for ýour first
login to s Identity.
Please do not forget this PIN.
You are done with the registration of s
Identity on your new device. Please proceed
18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 10 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…ccess-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
 
 
 
Congrats. You are done with the s Identity part.
Step 3 Login to George on your
(new) device
Now comes the fun part that you've been
working for: The first login to your George App
on your (new) device:
 
to the first login.
Login to s Identity for the first time, using
your User ID "Verfügernummer") and your
freshly created PIN for s Identity.
Immediately after your first login, s Identity
will ask you to setup FaceID (iOS) or
biometric recognition Android) for future
logins to s Identity as well as to allow push
notifications to your device. Both is highly
recommended.
Open the George Österreich App and select
Login to George.
18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 11 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
 
 
 
Welcome (back) to George!
Congrats. You can now begin or continue your
financial journey with George. Enjoy!
Author: Dag Erik Zimen
Enter your User ID "Verfügernummer"). If you
are an existing George user and if you have
created your own personal username, you
can also enter that one.
Complete your first login to George with s
Identity that you have setup just before. 
Please note that for security reasons, s
Identity will not automatically open itself for
your first George login. Please open the s
Identity App manually and complete the
login. 
Immediately after your first login, George will
ask you to activate Easy Access (e. g. FaceID
for iOS or biometric recognition for Android)
for future logins as well as to activate push
notifications. Both is highly recommendend.
You can also do it at a later stage though.
18.11.24, 19:31
George Help: Get Started with the George App on a New Device (s Identity)
Page 12 of 12
https://www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…ccess-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device
Related Topics
Create a personal user for George Logins
More information on s Identity
Impr
int
Data &
Privacy
Cook
ies
© 2023 Erste Group
Bank AG
George Login
Did this content help you
understand George better?
Oh yes! G(e)orgeous.
No, please improve this Help Center content.
George
English
