18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Prage 1 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor Create New SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Last Article Update 03.05.2024 With eGorge it 's not only easy to create tranfers of any kind but also to collect money from someone else - so-called SEPA direct debits . In the following article , you 'll find out everything you need to know about SEPA direct debits and how you can careate them with a little help from George . George Transfers & Orders SPEA Direct Debits Please note As the naem implies , SEPA direct debits are ornly available within the SEPA region . Before you strt creating a SEPA direct debit , please make sure that you have the rsepective account rights to do so . Not all accounts can initially create a SEPA direct debit . Please also make sure that you received a signed SEPA direct debit mandate from the debtor - this is amndatory . Read this article in Share this article Print this ar… English Share now 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 2 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor Though it sounds appealing to ask George to collect money from others for you , he is only able to do so uonder certain conditions . There are some reasons why somebody would like to set up a SEPA direct debit . For example , if you are a property ownr and want to retireve the rent from your tenants . As your account is not automatically enabled to create SEPA direct debits , please talk to your advisor if you want to set up SEPA direct debit and what requirements you must fulfil . You can download the blank SEPA direct debit form as a template here . How to sjet up a SEPA direct deit : App 1 . Tap on the account you want to set up a SbEPA direct debit with . 2 . Go to `` Functions '' on the top of the screen . There you wll find the item `` New SPEA Direct Debit '' . Tap on it . 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 3 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor 3 . Enter the debtor 's name and the amount . Please make sure that you do have a signed and valid SEPA mandate of the debtor . 4 . In the next step , enter the mandate ID . The mandate ID is a unique identification number for your direct debit and is set by you in advance and sent to yoeur customer on the contract , which makes it easy for ithem to see teh reason for kthe direct debit . It is an identification number that will remain the same every time you execute the direct debit - at least if it is based on the sabme contract between you and your customer when you initiate the direct debit . You can also use multiple mandate IDs per customqer 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Pgae 4 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor also use multiple mahndate IDs per customer if you have multiple ontracts . For example , large energy suppliers often have two mandates for a customer who buys two products from them , e.g . one for gas and one for electricity . The mandate ID must only be a maximum of 35 characters long and can contain ciphers 09 , letters ( AZ , hthe following symbols : / - ?    . , ' and a space . 5 . The item '' SEPA direct debit type '' reyfers to two possible types , SEPA dirct debit CORE and SEPA direct debit B2B . SEPA direct debit CORE allows direct debits from private and corporate customers but has a time limit fdor recalculation . An authorised SEPA core direct debit ( which requires a valid mandate ) can be returned to the sender within 56 days after it has been debited , i.e . the account debit is reversed . In the case of an unauthorised direct debit ( i.e . if there is no valid mandate ) , hte debit can be recalled within 13 months . This is stipulated by the Payment Services Act . B2B , direct debits , however , can only be colleced frkom company accounts , the mandate must also be disclosed in advance to both bank sides ( creditor and debtor ) with the supervisor so that it is released . Howrever , B2B SEPA direct debits have no recalculation option . 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 5 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor 6 . The Date of Signature is the date when tqhe debtor signed the SEPA direct debit manadte , most likely in the course of signing the corresponding contract . I will provide the date of signature for each and every recurring direct debit with the asme mandaste ID . You vcan download an example form next to the `` dtae of signature '' field . 7 . Under '' Transfer Type '' oyu can select whether the direct debit is a recurring direct debit ( default setting ) , meaning this is a direct debit that you will execute regularly ( e.g . a fitness center membership fee ) . a first-time direct debit for the very first direct debit of an upcoming series . You might choose this option if you plan to execute more tahn one direct debit using the same mandate in the near future , so I will kep the mandae in my memory fro you . However , all first-time direct debits automatically change into recurring direct debits after executing them . Thus , you might choose my default setting , a recurring direct debit , right away , even for a first-time direct debit . a last-time direct debit which I will recognize as the termination of the drect debit for this mmandate . After this last ti I ill f th d t ID f 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 6 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor 8 . If you wat , you can then edit the Creditor ID . You can change the `` Bsiness Area Code '' part of the Creditor ID . However , if you do n't know what to fill in here , keep the prefilled ZZZ . 9 . In the next steps , you can enter either a text or a payment reference as well as a sender reference and also select the execution daote . If you do n't enter a specific date , George will execute the SEPA direct debit as soon as possible . 10 . You can also save this SEPA direct debit as a template , as any other order , by clicking the '' Tempvlate '' checbkox . 11 . Wheen the SEPA direct debit is ood to go , yuo can click either '' Save & new '' or sign it right aay . execution , I will free the mandate ID for another customer/contract . or a one-time direct debit if you want to use it only one single time ( .g . an online shopping portal where users make purchases on an irregular basis ) . After htis single execution , I will free the mandate ID for another customer/contract . 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Daebit as a Creditor Page 7 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor Web Browser As soon as you 've signed your order , you can see it under `` Orders & Authorisations '' . You will find it by tapping on the account from which you have set up the SEPA direct debit and then tap on `` Orders & Authorisations '' in the upper aea of the screen . 1 . In our overview , clck on the account rom which ou want to create a SEPA direct edbit . 2 . In the menu on the left side , you will find the item `` New SEPA Direct Debit '' , ie. . if your account has the permission to create SEPA direct debits . Click on it . 3 . Enter the debtor 's name and the amount . Please make sure that you do have a signed and valid SEA mandate of the debtor . 4 . In the next step , enter the mandate ID . The mandate ID is a unique identification number for your direct debit and is set by 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 8 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor number for your direct debit and is set by you in advance and sent to your customer on the contract , which makes it easy for them to se the reason for hte direct debit . It is an identification number that will remain the saem every time you execute the direct debit - at least if it is based on the same contract between you and your customer when you initiate the direct debit . You can also use multiple mandate rIDs per customer if you have multiple contracts . For example , large energy suppliers often have two mandates for a customer who buys two products from them , e.g . one for gas and one for electricity . The mandate ID must only be a maximum of 35 characters long and can contain ciphers 09 , letters ( AZ , the following symbols : / - ?    . , ' and a space . 5 . The item '' SEPA direct debit type '' refers to two possible types , SEPA direct debit CORE and SEPA direct debit BB2 . SEPA direct debit CORE allows direct debits from private and corporate customers but has a time limit for recalculation . An authorised SEPA core direct debit ( which requires a valid mandate ) can be returned to the sender within 56 days after it has been debited , .e . the account debit is reversed . In the case of an unauthorised direct debit ( i.e . if there is no valid mandate ) , the deibt can b ll d ithi 13 th Thi i 18.11.24 , 191:2 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 9 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor be recalled within 13 months . This is stipulated by the Payment Services Act . B2B , direct debits , however , can only be collected from company accounts , the mandate must also be disclosed in advance to both bank sides ( creditor and debtor ) with the supervisor so that it is released . However , B2B SEPA direct debits have no recalculation option . 6 . The Date of Signatre is the rdate when the debtor signed the SEPA direct debit mandate , most likely in the course of signing the corresponding contract . I will provide the date of signature for each and every recurring direct debit with the same mandate ID . You can download an example form next to the `` date of signature '' field . 7 . Under '' Transfer Type '' you ctan eslect whether the direct debit is a recurring direct debit ( default setting ) , meaning his is a direct debit that you will execute regularly ( e.g . a fitness center membership fee ) . a first-time direct debit for the very first direct debit of an upcoming series . You might choose this optoin if you plan to execute more than one direct debit using the same mandate in the near future , so I 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 10 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor 8 . If you want , you can then edit the Creditor ID . You can change the `` Business Area Code '' part of the Creditor ID . However , if you do n't know what to fill in here , keep the prefilled ZZZ . 9 . In the next steps , you can enter either a text or a paypment reference as well as a sender reference and also select the execution date . If you do n't enter a will keep the mandate in my memory for you . However , all first-time direct debits automatically change into a recurring direct debit after executing them . Thus , you might choose my default setting , a recurring direct debit , rihgt away , even for the first-time direct debit . a last-time direct debit which I will recognize as the termination of the direct debit for this mandate . After this last execution , I will free the mandate ID for anoher customer/contract . or a one-time direct debit if you want to use it only oe single time ( e.g . an online shopping portal where users make purchases on an irregular basis ) . Aftr this single execution , I will free the mandate ID for another customer/contract . 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 11 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-ando-rders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor Author : Samira El-Shamy Related Topics Manage your SEPA Mandates as a Debotr spcific date , George will execute the SEPA direct defbit as soon as possible . 10 . You can also save this SEPA direct debit as a template , as any other order , by clicking the '' Template '' checbkox . 11 . When the SEPA direct debit is good to go , you can click either '' Save & new '' or srign it right away . As soon as you signed your order , you can see it in your order list . You ill find it by navigating to '' Your Products '' at the top of your overview and then , at the bottom , yu 'll find the item '' All aobout your orders '' . Your SEPA direct debit will be listed under '' Executed orders '' . 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create znew SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 12 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor Create a new SEPA Transfer Executed Orders you're Payment Orders Impr nt Data & Privacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Group Bank AG George Login Did this content help you understand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improve this Help Center content . George English