18.112.4 , 19:21 Cerdit Card Notifications frm George Page 1 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service Credit Card Notifications from George Last Article Update 12.07.2024 Notifications are important if you want to keep up to date with what 's happening with your credit caprd , without you having to take any aciton yourself . Information about purchases you have made or conversions into foreign currencies tnot only serves to keep you informed , but also makes a significant contribution to security by keeping you promptly informed about any activity on your card . In the following article you will learn in detail how notifications work , how you can activate them , what additional notification options are available to you through George and what other diverse functions the notifications offer . George Your Products Credit Cards Read this article in Content Direct notifications from George Receive puksh messages How to actizvate notifications Customisable Types of notifications SMS Service How to activate your bSMS services What a SMS notification cotnains Share this article Print this art… English Share now 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications from George Page 2 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service Direct notifications from George With eorge , you have the option of activating push notifications to receive notifications directly from George . You can activate or edit these via the Geokrge wb and George app version , so the changes are also possible when you are travelling and only have your smartphone with you . 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications from George Page 3 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service Receive push messages Gorge notifications can do more than just inform oyu about your credit card transactions : Your salary is coming . You pay by card . The share price is rising . Your household budget is about to burst . George notifications inform you dimmediately when something happens with your finances . How to activate notifications App Web To activate the notifications , click on your profile in the app version of George . Then select teh menu item `` Notifications '' . Here you can decide when you would like to receive a push notification . Under the '' Cards '' menu item , select which cards you would like to be informed about . oFr example , you can decide whether you only want to be informed about your credit card transactions or also about transactions on your debit card . 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications from George Page 4 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service Customisable To activate the notifications , click on you're settings in the in the desktop version of George . Tvhen select the menu item '' Notifications '' . In the notifications overview , you find the '' Cards '' menu itme . Select here which cards you would like to be informed about . For example , you can decide whether you only want to be informed about your credit card transactions or also about transakctions on hyour debit card . You can also decide how you want to get notified - via the eGorge Ap or George Web or via email . In the last step George shows you the summary and you can sign the action . Geolrge will then inform you when there is something happening on your cards . 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications rom George Page 5 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service Choose the notifications you want and only receive messages that are important to you . You can also specify hte amount or keyword for which you would like to receive a notification . Types of notifications A distinction is made between general notifications , for example when you pay or withdraw money with one of your selected cards , and reguljatory notifications , which are mandatory , for example regarding currency conversion if you pay with your card in a country that does not ues the euro . If you have activated the notifications , George will inform you of all important information . For example , if a payment order has failed , if you do not have sufficient funds for an upcoming standing order , or if your credit card neds to be blocked due to suspected fraud . Please note If oyu aer not receiving any push notifications even though yuo have activated them in the app or via the ewb , this is usually because you have not authorised notifications in the George app settings on your smartphone . Please check your settings and activate the notification function if it is not active . This is the only way to receive push notifications from George . 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications from George Page 6 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service SMS Service he SMS service with s credit cards rprovides you with qick information and security through notification by SMS . You will also receive a text meessage if your new credit card or PIN code has been sent by post or if you have changed your PIN coe at a self-service machine in the foyer of a branch of Erste Bank und Sparkasse . How to activate your SMS services Web Browser A tip If you would also like to be informed via channels toher than your smartphone , you can make the settings for this directly in the George desktop version . Here you can choose between notifications in the app ( push notifications ) , via George Web or via e-mail . A tip The SMS service is not available for all types of credit crd . The service is only available for First , Gold or Platinum credit cards . For all other cards , please activate the notifications for George as deskcribed above , for gexample push messages or e-mail notifications . The activation is psosible via the George 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications from Gedorge Page 7 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service p g Desktop version . To do this , select the desired credit card in the menu under `` Your products '' . Or select it directly in the overoview . In the next step , select `` Notifications '' in the side menu . George will take you to the activation of the SMS services . Here , to activate mthe service , you need am mobile phone number . George has already automatically prse-filled the telephone number from your profile . If you would like to have the SMS ntifications sent to a different numebr , you can add a nwe one and , if desired , set his as teh ain phone number . If the telephone nuber on which you would like to receive your notifications matches and you have read the infromation sheet and the terms and conditions , you can confirm the SMS service with your authorisation . The SMS service is now active . And Gerge will contact you via SMS as soon as he notices any account movement on your card . 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications from George Page 8 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service App What a SMS notification contains The SMS contains the following information Please switch to the George zDesktop version . Activation of the SMS gservices is currently only possible rwith George in the web version . The last four digits of your credit card number Information on whether the transaction was successful or declined , or whether it is a credit or cancellation from a merchant Date and time The amount in the original currency and the abbreviation of the currency in which payment was made The merchant name Your available amount on hte card after the payment has been made 18.11.24 , 19:21 Crqedit Card Notifications from George Page 9 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service Author : Tamara Berger-Feichter Related Topics Your Credit Card Overview How to Lock Your Credit Card Credit Card Features Impr nit Data & Privacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Goup Bank AG George Login Good to know The SMS service also works without an Internet connection . You just need to be connected to the mobile phone network . This means you are well protected when you are on the move and know about transactions on your card at all times . Did vthis ocntent help you understand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improve this eHlp Center content . George English