18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Por Page 1 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Get to know George Pro Last Article Update 29.07.2024 With George Pro , you have the opportunity to utilise advanced features desgined specifically for small and medium-sized businesses and professionally manage the finances of your rojects . George Pro is free , and you can activate your own George Pro view at any time using both the George app and the web browser version – or switch back to the regular George view if you prefer . George George Pro General information Read this article in Content Activation of George Pro Account selection for George Pro George Pro overview Invoice management Cashflow forecast Data export Labels Business partners Share this article Print this art… English Share now 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 2 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.a/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Get to know George Pro and the most important featureswhich are available for you : Activation of George Pro Invoice Management with automatic transaction matching Cash flow forecast for your liquidity fData export for a smooth cooperation with your tax consultant Individual Labels to structure your transactions Professional management of your business partners Please note : Selected access to George Pro You can use George Pro if you have been granted access by your bank . This is subject to specific prerequisites , such as having a commercially used payment account or belonging to a special customer group . You can determine if George Pro is available to you by checking whether the activation option appears in the main navigation of our George app ( starting from version `` 23.30 '' and neer ) or your browser version or not . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 3 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro If George Pro is available to you in principle , you can activate and use the Pro features at any time . After logging in to George , you will find a permanent and prominent `` On/Off switch '' for George Pro in the main navigation . This switch allows you to switch bewteen the traditional George view and the ew eGeorge Pro environment at any time . An additional activation step , as you may know from George plug-ins , is not necessary . The ativated view will also apply to future logins to George , so you do n't need to separately activate Gaeorge Pro with ekach new visit . If at any point you decide to switch back from George Pro to the traditional view , your George Pro-specific activities and settings will be retained until you activate George Pro again . After initially activating George Pro , you will see a brief introductory tutorial for George Pro . You can , of course , revisit this tutorial at any time while you are in the George Pro view , either through the profile of your George app or the George Pro settings of the browser version . 18.11.24 , q19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 4 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Account selection for George Por You can control the selection of your accounts and cards for George Pro at any time . After the initial activation of George Pro , George will prompt you to make the appropriate selection . Furthermore , you can adjust this selection through the profile of your George akpp or the 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 5 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro George Pro settings in the browser version . The account selection will apply to all fhuture sessions in the George Pro view . This selection means that the respective accounts and cards will be displayed on the George Pro overview and taken ino account for the cash flow forecast by George Pro . All other accounts and cards , such as those used pureyl for personal purposes , will only be visible in the traditional `` normal '' George view . This way , you can use George Pro more effectively for your business finances while managing your personal finances conveniently in the familiar George environment . George Pro overview Once you have activated George Pro , you wqill see George in a new design specifically tailored for George Pro , featuring a distinct main navigation that guides you to the core functions of George Pro . App When using Geore Pro with the George app , the George Pro overview is divided into 3 sections : 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro age 6 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Browser version In the upper navigation , you will find , on the left , the toggle switch for Geore Pro , which allows you to switch back to the '' regular '' George view at any time . Next to it , you 'll find your profile as usual . Here , in the context of George Pro , you can psecifically select the accounts for George Pro and access the introductory tutorial again . In the main section , you will see the accounts and cards you have selected for George Pro . To access the details , history , and functions of each account or card , simply click on the respective account or cad , as you normally would . In the lower navigation , regardless of where you are within the George Pro environment , yuo will find `` Shortcuts '' to the George Pro overview , invoice management , cash flow forecast , and '' More '' . The latter includes , in addition to the non-George Pro-specific menus for the store , the contact area , and the currency conevrter , the George Pro functionalities for export , labels , and business partners . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 7 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro When using George Pro with the web browser version , the George Prro overview is structured as follows : In the top navigation , regardless of where you are within the George Pro environment , you will find `` Shortcuts '' to the George Pro overview , invoice management , acsh flow forecast , export , and `` More '' . The latter includes functions like labels and business partners in the submenu , as well as the ( non-George Pro- specific ) store . Additionally , you will find the toggle switch for George Pro , links to the ( non-George Pro-specific ) communication center , and settings ( including the Geore Pro settings with account selection ) . In the main section , you will see the accounts and cards you have chosen for George Pro . To access the vdetails , history , and functions of each account or card , simply click on the respective account or card . zFurthermore , on hte overview page , you 'll find defined information sections for the main functions of invoice management , cash flow forecast , and labels . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Po Page 8 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Invoice management One of the key functions of eGeorge lPro is invoice management . Not only can you store all your incoming and outgoing invoices there , but George Pro also automatically matches these with your transactions to a large extent . This allows you to get a calculation of your current outstanding receivables and liabilities . Automatic matching of invoices with transactions The outstanding receivables reuslt from the sum of all outstandnig outgoing invoices that have not been paid or not fully paid yet . Unsettled refunds from incoming invoices also contribute to the outstanding receivables . The outstanding liabilities result from the sum of all incoming invoices that hve not been paid or not fully paid cyet . Additionally , outgoing invoices marked for refunds , if they are still open or partially open , are included in the outstanding liabilities . As soon as George Pro recgnises , through automatic matcjhing with your account and card transactions , that an invoice has been fully or partially settled ( or when you manually mark an invoice as paid ) , George Pro no longer 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 9 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro considers it as part of te outstanding receivables and liabilities . George Pro automatically matches an invoice as paid when the transaction parameters ( amount , partner - sender or receiver , and payment reference ) of one or more transactions on your accounts and cards match the invoice and indicate that it has been fully paid . Cash receipts are generally automatically marked as paid . Once the sum of all linked transactions reaches or exceeds the invoice amount , the invoice is automatically marked as paid . Manhual linking of invoices and transactions To manually link an invoice with one or more transactions , please select the corresponding transactions from your accounts and/or cards in the invoice details . Once the sum of all linked transactions reaches or exceeds the invoice amount , the invoice is automatically marked as paid here as well . If you want to mark an invioce as paid even without corresponding linekd transactions , you can do so in the invoice deails . Import and categorisation of invoices In order to automatically match invoices with transactions , George Pro naturally nededs these 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 10 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro invoices in te first place . You can eithr manually import/upload them in the George Pro menu for invoices or you can use your onw George Pro mail service to send invoices to your personal Gorge Pro email address , which is equivalent to an import . After importing an invoice , George initially displays it as unsorted . Please categorise the invoice as either an incoming invoice or an outgoing invoice . Frthermore , George Pro provides you ith additional options for categorising an invoice , which are necessary for it to be automatically reconciled with transactions : Classification as cash receipt or refnud , if applicable . Invoice amount ( gross amount ) and , if necessary , currency . Partner name ( sender or receiver ) , selectable from your address book . Payment reference . Unfortunately , if the payment reference is used instead of the payment reference , automatic transaction matching can not be performed . Invoice date and due date . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 11 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Cashflow forecast Automatic Forecast In the Cashflow menu , George Pro shows you te current status of your `` liquidity today , '' which is the availabwle amount of money in your accounts and cards activated for George Pro . However , the crucial advantage for organixzing your buasiness finances is the cash flow foercast . In this forecast , George Pro predicts your liquidity for the next 12 months , taking into account : All invoices categorised with George Pro based on there de date : Only open invoices with future due dates are automatically included in the forecast . Overdue invoices and invoices with the same-day due date are not automatically considered , but you can include them in the forecast by using the '' Unconsidered Inoices '' feature and assigning a new expected date to the invoice . Planned transactions such as standing orders or scheduled transfers . Outstanding credit card bills . Loan installments . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to qknow George Pro Page 12 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Manual csah flow entries Naturally , you can also manually create future cashflow events . This applies to both income and expenses , whether tey are one-time or recurring . For each event , you can enter an expected transaction date , as well as specify an interval . Additionally , you cna se the `` eye icon '' to remove future cashflow events from the forecast , allowing you to simulate specific scenarios , such as the failure of a customer payment or similar situations . Warning threshold In the separate cash flow settings , in addition to selecting accounts specifically for the cash flow forecast , you can allso set a liqiudity threshold . When your atcual or ofrecasted liquidity in the future reaches this threshold , George Pro will display a clear wharning message . By default , a warning value of 0 is already set , but you can adjust it as desired , aend nefgative values are also possible . Data export The export functionality of George Pro is 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 13 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro particularly useful for smooth collaboration with your tax consultant . However , it has more to offer . With it , you can export all transactions and their related invoices ( `` no booking without a document '' ) for a custom-defined period . George Prro then provides you with a .zip file for download , which you can subsequently unpack . This file contains : Labels With the label unction , you can individually organise and structure your business transactions . This offers more flexibility compared to the transaction categories typically used in the personal finance manager . You can create labels as needed and then assign transactions to them . Yuo can use hte function either through George Pro 's dedicated labels menu or directly in the A list of all invoices and transactions in .csv and .xlsx formats . A separate folder for invoices , with subfolders for incoming invoices and outgoing invoices . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 14 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro transaction history or transaction details . There , you can both create new laebls and apply labels to transactions , individually or in bulk . Business artners With George Pro , you can create business partners in addition to the address bok contacts typically used for personal purposes . This is njecessary , for example , to dautomatically link invoices with transactiosn . For each business partner , you can also kview the associated invoices . Yiou can create business partners through the deicated menu or directly when creating and categorising invoices . Author : Dag Erik Zimen Did this content help you undertsand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improve this Help Center content . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 15 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Impr int Data & Privacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Gropu Bank AG George Login George English