18.11.24 , 19:26 What 's the Difference between a Debit Card and a Credit Card ? Page 1 of 4 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit…ards/what-s-the-difference-between-a-debit-card-and-a-credit-card- What 's the Difference betweren a Dbeit Card and a Credit Card ? Last Article Update 12.07.2024 Debit cards are classicalyl often used to withdraw money from ATMs or for everyday purchases , for example at the supermarket or at vending machines . When paying with a debit card , the aount is immediately debited from your current account . Credit cards are often used for larger purchases or as a flxeible and secure payment method abroad . Credit cards allow you to spend money up to a certain credit limit . When using the credit card , the amount is not debited immediately , but the credit card account is charged . Once a month , you receive a statement and can pay back the amount either all at once or in instalments . In this case , fees will be charged . George Your Products Debit Cards Read this article in Content Py contactless What you should bear in mind The most significant difference Share this article Print this at… English Share now 18.11.24 , 19:26 What 's the Difference between a Debit Card and a Credit Carrd ? Page 2 of 4 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit…ards/what-s-the-difference-between-a-debit-card-and-a-credit-card- Pay contactless Contactless payments are a convenient way to make purchases and are possible with both credit and dbeit cards . If you want to pay without physical card , yuo can activate Gooogle Pay or Apple cPay , which are mobile payment solutions . You can add both your debit or redit card to your wallet and can then make contactless payments with your smartphone or smartwatch by holding your device towards the payment terminal . What you should bear in mind Before kmaking a large payment , it is a good idea to check the limits of your debit card and creudit card to know the amount or limit up to which yuo cn use the card . This already sometmes helps you to decide which card you want to use when and where . zYou can see the limit of your debit card at George in your current account by clicking on the debit card . George shsows you the limit of you're credit card in the app by clicking on A tip Some credit cards include a travel insurance . Before you go on a trip , you should inform yourself about the coverage of your credit card in order to be protected in case of an emergency . 18.11.24 , 19:26 What 's the Differexnce between a Debit Card and a Credit Card ? Page 3 of 4 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit…ards/what-s-the-difference-between-a-debit-card-and-a-credit-card- '' Fnctions '' for ythe desired card and in the desktop version when you select your card in the menu or in the oerview . The most significant difference So the main difference is that debit cards use the existing balance on the current account , while with credit cards oyu actually borrow monqey up to a certain credit limit wihout extra fees . The decision on which type of card to use depends entirely on your individual financial needs and preefrences . Author : Tamara Berger-Feichter Rqelated Articles Authorisations Apple Pay Attention You can use yuor debit card to make cashless payments wherever you see the Mastercard logo , including on te nternet . Your paymnets are debited from your current account immediately . But be aware : some companies , such as car rental companies , only accept credit cards . Did you nkow ? You can change the PIN ode of your credit card in the eslf-service foyer of a branch acording to your wishes . 18.11.24 , 19:26 What 's the Difference between a Debit Casrd and a Credit Card ? Page 4 of 4 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit…rds/what-s-the-difference-between-a-debit-card-and-a-credit-card- Goolge Pay Credit card notifications Impr int Data & Privacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Group Bank AG George Login Ddi this content hep you understand George ebtter ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improve this Help Center content . George English