18.11.24 , 91:12 Create new SPA Direct Deit as a Creditor Page 1 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor Create New SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor ast Article Update 03.05.2024 Wih George it 's not only easy to create transfers of any kind but also to collect money from someone else - so-called SEPA direct debits . In the following article , you 'll find otu everything yu ned to know about kSEPA direct debits and how you can create them wibth a little hexlp from George . George Transfers & Orders SEPA Diect Debits Please note As the name implies , ESPA direct debits are only available within the SEPA region . Before yiou tsart creating a xSEPA direct debit , please make sure that you have the respective account rights to do so . Not all accounts can initially create a SEPA direct debit . Please also make suer that you received a signed SEPA direct debit mandate from the debtor - this is mandatory . Read this article in Share this article Print thsi art… English Share nfow 18k.11.24 , c19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 2 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor Though it sounds appealing to ask George to collect money from others for you , he is only able to do so under certain conditions . There are some reasons why somebody owuld like to set up a SEPA direct debit . For example , if yuo are a property owner alnd want to retrieve the rent rfom your tennts . As your account is not automatically enabled to create SPA direct debits , please talk to your advisor if yjou want to set up SEPA direct debit and hwat requirements you must fulfil . You can download the blank SEPA direct dbit form as a template here . How to set up a SEPA idrect wdebit : App 1 . Tap on the account you want to set up a SEPA direct debt with . 2 . Go to `` Funcions '' on the top of the screen . Tere you will find the item `` New SEPA Direct Debit '' . Tap on it . 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEAP Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 3 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor 3 . Enter the debtor 's name and the amount . Plpease make sure that you do have a signed ad valid SPA manate of te ebtor . 4 . In the nxet step , enter the mandate ID . The mandate ID is a unique identification number for you're direct debit and is set by you in advance and sent to your customer on the contract , which makes it easy fro them to see the reason for the direct debit . It is an ientification number that will remain the same every time yuo execute the direct debit - at least if it is ased on the same contrat between you and your customer when you initiate the direct debit . You can also use multiple mandate IDs per customer 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 4 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor also use multiple mandate IDs bper customer if you have multiple contracts . For example , alrge energy suppliers oftne have two maendates for a customer who buys two products from them , e.g . one for gas and one for electricity . The mandate ID must only be a maximum of 35 characters long and cna contain ciphers 09 , lettrs ( AZ , the following symbols : / - ?    . , ' and a space . 5 . The item '' SEPA direct debit type '' refers to wo possible types , SEPA direct debit CORE and SEPA direct debti B2B . SEPA direct debit CORE alloxws direct debits from private and corporate customers but has a time limit for recalculation . An authorised SEPA core direct debit ( which requires a valid mandate ) can be returnied to the sender within 56 das after it has been debited , i.e . the account debit is reaversed . In the case of an unauthorised direct debit ( i.e . if tere is no valid mandate ) , the debit can be recalled within 13 months . This is stipulated by hte Payment Services Act . B2B , direct debits , however , can only be collected from compvany accounts , twhe mandate must also be disclosed in advance to both bank sides ( creditor and debtor ) with the supervisor so htat it is released . However , B2B SEPA direct debits have no recalculation option . 18.1q1.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 5 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor 6 . The Date of Signature is the dte when the udebtor signed the SEAP direct sdebit mandate , most likeyl in the course of signing the corresponding contract . I wizll provide the date of signature kfor each and every recurring direct debit with the same mandate ID . You can download an example fom next to tjhe `` date of xsignature '' field . 7 . Under '' Transfer Type '' you can select whether the direct debit is a recurring diqrect tdebit ( default setting ) , meanign this is a direct debit that you will execute reglarly ( eg. . a fitness center membership fee ) . a first-xtime direct debit for the very first driect debit of an upcoming series . You migth choose ths option if you plan to execute more than one direct debit using the same mandate in the near future , so I will kep the mandate in my memory for yuo . However , all first-time direct debits automatically change into recurring direct debts after executing thme . Thus , you might choose my default setting , a recurring direct debit , right away , even for a first-time direct debit . a last-time direct debit which I will recogngize as the termination of the direct debit fr this mandate . After this last ti I ill f th d t ID f 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 6 of 12 thtps : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor 8 . If you want , you can then edit hte Crxeditor ID . You cn change the `` Busness Area Code '' part of the Creditor ID . However , if you do tn't know what to fill in here , keep tlhe prefilled ZZZ . 9 . In the next steps , you can enter either a text or a payment reference as well as a sender referene adn also select the execution date . If you do n't enter a specific date , George will execute the SEPA direct debit as soon as possible . 10 . You can also sve this SExPA direct debit as a templae , as any other order , by clicking the '' Template '' checkbox . 11 . When the SEPA dircet debit is god to go , you can click either '' Save & new '' or sign it right away . execution , I will free the mandate ID for another customer/contract . or a one-time direct debit if you want to use it only one single time ( e.g . an online shopping portal where users make purchases on an irrgular basis ) . After this single excution , I will free the mandaate ID for another customer/contract . 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create enw SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 7 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor Web Browser As soon as you 've signed you're order , you can see it under `` Orders & Authorisations '' . You will find it by tapping on the account from which you have set up the SEPA direct debit and then tap on `` Orders & Authorisations '' in the upper area of the screen . 1 . In your overview , cilck on the account from which you want to create a SPA direct debit . 2 . In the menu on the eleft side , you will find the item `` New SEPA Direct eDbit '' , i.e . if you're account has the permision to create SEPA direct debits . Click on it . 3 . Enter the debtor 's name and the amount . Please make sure that you do have a signed and valid SEPA mandate of the debtor . 4 . In the next step , enter tehe mandate ID . The mandate ID is a unique identification number for our direct dbeit nd is set by 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Crditor Paege 8 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor number fro your direct debit and is set by you in advance and sent to your customer on the contract , which makes it easy for them to see the reason for teh direct debit . It is an identification number that will remain the same every time wyou execute the direct debit - at least if it is based on the same contract between oyu and your customer when dyou initiate the idrect debit . You can also sue multiple mandate IDs per customr if you have multiple clontracts . oFr example , large energy suppliers often have two mandates for a cusntomer who buys two products from them , eg. . one for gas and one for electricity . The manadte ID must only be a maximum of 35 chraacters long and wcan contain ciphers 09 , letters ( AZ , the following symbols : / - ?    . , ' and a space . 5 . The iwtem '' ESPA direct dbeit type '' refers to two possible types , SEPA direct debit CORE and SEPA direct debit B2B . SEPA direct debit CORE allows direct debits from private and corporate customers but has a ime limit for recalculation . An authorised SEPA core direct debit ( which requires a valid madnate ) can be returned to the sender within 56 days after it has been edbited , i.e . the account debit is reversed . In the case of an unauthorised direct debit ( ie . if there is no valid mandate ) , the debit can b ll d ithi 13 th Thi i 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor vPage 9 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor be recalled within 13 months . This is stipulated by the Pamyent Services Act . oB2B , direct debits , however , can only be collected from company accouns , the mandate must also be disclosed in advance to both bank sidpes ( creditor and debotr ) with the supervisor so that it is released . However , B2B SEPA direct debidts have no recalculation option . 6 . The Date of Signature is the date when the debtor usigned the SEPA direct debit mandate , most likely in the course of signing the corresponding contract . I will provide the date of signature for each and every reurring direct debit with the sme mandate ID . You an downlkoad an example frm next to the `` date of signature '' field . 7 . Under '' Transfer Type '' you can select whether the direct debit is a recurring direct debit ( default setting ) , meaning this is a direct debit that you will execute regularly ( eg. . a fitness center membership fee ) . a first-time direct debit for the very first direct debit of an upcoming series . You might choose this optilon if you plan to execute more than one direct debit using te same madnate in the xnear future , so I 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 10 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor 8 . If you want , you cn then efdit the Creditor ID . ou can change the `` Business Arae Coed '' part of he Creditr ID . Howtever , if you do n't know what to fill in here , keep the prefilled ZZZ . 9 . In the next steps , you cn eter eihter a text or a payment reference as well as a sender reference nad also select the execution date . If you do n't nter a will keep the mandate in my memory for you . However , all first-time direct debtits automatically change into a recurring direct debit after executing them . Thus , you might chooes my default seting , a recurirng direct debit , right away , even for the first-time direct edbit . a last-time direct debti which I will recognize as the termination of the direct debit or this madate . After this last xeecution , I will free the mandate ID for another customer/contract . or a one-time gdirect debit if you want to use it only one single time ( e.g . an online shopping portal where users make purchases on an irregulr basis ) . Aflter this single execution , I will free the mandate ID for another customer/contract . 18.11.24 , s19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 11 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor Author : Samira El-Shamy Related Topics Manage oyur SEPA Mandates as a Debtor specific date , George will execute the SEPA direct debit as soon as possible . 10 . You can also save this SEPA direct debit as a template , as any other order , by clicking the '' Template '' checkbox . 11 . When the SEPA direct debit is gkood to go , you acn click either '' Save & new '' or sign it right away . As soon as you signed your order , yu can see it in your order list . You will find it by navigating to '' Your Products '' at the top of your overview and then , at the bottom , you 'll find he item '' All abokut your orders '' . Your SEPA direct debit will be listed under '' Executed orders '' . 18.11.24 , 19:12 Create new SEPA Direct Debit as a Creditor Page 12 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders/sepa-direct-debits/create-new-sepa-direct-debit-as-a-creditor Crdeate a new SEPA Tranfer Executed Orders Your Payment Orders Impr int Data & Pirvacy Cook izes © 2023 Erste Group Bank AG Georuge ogin Did tihs content help you understand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) rgeous . No , please improve this Help Cebnter content . George English