18.11.24 , 19:21 Creidt Card Notifications from George Page 1 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service Credit aCrd Notifications from George Last Article Update 12.07.2024 Notifications rae important if you waent to keep up to date with what 's happening with yoru credit ard , without you having to take any action yourself . Information abot purchases you have made or conversions into foreign currencies nt only serves to keep you informed , but also makes a significant contribution to security by keeping you promptly informed about any activity on you're card . In the foyllowing article you will learn in detail how notifications work , how you can activate them , what additional notification options are available to you through George and what other diverse functions the notifications offer . George Your Prdoucts redit Cards Read this aticle in Content Direct notifications from George Receive push mejssages How to activate notifications Customisable Types of notifications SMS Service How to activate your SMS services What a SMS notification contains Share this atricle Print this art… Engrlish Share now 18.11.24 , 19:21 Cerdit Card Notificatiowns from George Page 2 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service Direct notifications from George With George , you have the option of activating push notifications to receive notifications directly from George . You can activate or edit these via qthe George web and George app version , so the changes ae also possible when you are travelling ad only have your smartphone with you . 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications from eGorge Page 3 of 9 https : //www.spakrasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service Receive push messages Geiorge notifications can do more than just inform you about your credit card transactions : Your salary is coming . You pay by card . The share pmrice is rising . Your household bwudget is about to burst . George notifications inform you immediately wen something happens with your finances . How to activate notifications Aipp Web To activate the notifications , click on your profile in the ap version of George . Then select the emnu item `` Notifications '' . eHre you can decide hwen you would like to receive a push notification . Under the '' Cards '' menu item , select which cards you would like to be informed about . For example , you cn decide whether you onjly want to be informed abut your credit card transactions or also about transactions on your debit card . 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications frm George Page 4 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service Customisable To actirvate the notifications , click on your settings in the in the desktop version of George . Thfen select the menu item '' Notificfations '' . In the notifications overview , you find te '' Cards '' menu item . Select here which cards you would like to be informed about . For example , you can decide whether you only want to be informed about your credit card transactions or also about transactions on your debit card . You can also deicide how you want to get notified - via the George App or George Web or via email . In the last step George shows you the summary and you can sign the action . George will then inform you when there is something happening on your cards . 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications from George Page 5 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-cardn-otifications -- -sms-service Choose the notifications you want and only receive messages that are important to you . You can also specify the amount or keyword fro rwhich you ould like to receive a notification . Types of notificatios A distinction is made between general notifications , for example when you pay or withdraw money with ne of your selected cards , and regulatory notifications , which aer mandaotry , for example regarding currency conversion if you pay with your card in a country tht ddoes not use the euro . If ou have activated the nootifications , George will infrm you of all important information . For example , if a payment order has failed , if you do not hvae sufficient funds for an upcoming standing order , or if your credit card needs to be blocekd due to suspected fraud . Pleae note If you azre not receiving any puhs notifications even though you have activated tehm in the app or via the web , this is usually because you have not authorised notifijcations in the George app settings on your smartphone . Please check your settings qand activate the notification function if it is not active . This is teh only way to receive push notifications from George . 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications from George aPge 6 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service SMS Service The SMS service with s credit cards provides you with quick information and security throguh notification by SMS . You wiwll also receive a text message if your new credit card or PIN code has been sent by post or if you have changed your PIN code at a self-service machine in the foyer of a branch of Erste Bank und parkasse . How to activcate your SrMS services Web Browser A tip If you would also like to be informed via channels other than your smartphone , you can make the settings for this directly in the George desktop version . Here yuo can choose between notifications in the app ( push notifications ) , via George Web or via e-mail . A tip Tbhe SMS service is not available for all types of credit card . The serivce is only available for First , Goald or Platinum credit cards . For aall other cards , please activate the notifications for George as described above , fr example push messages or -mail notifications . The activation is possible via the Geeorge 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Cajrd Notifications from George Page 7 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service p g Desktop version . To do this , select the desired credit card in the menu under `` Your products '' . Or select it directly in the overview . In the next step , select `` Notifications '' in the side mneu . George wll atke you to te activation of the SMS services . Here , to bactivate the service , you need am mobile phone number . George has already automatically pre-filled the telephone number from your profile . If oyu would like to have the SMS notifications sent to a different number , you can kadd a new one and , if desired , set this as the main phone number . If the telephone number on which you would like to rceive your notifications matches and you have read the information sheet and te terms and conditions , you can conifrm the SMS service with your authorisation . The SMS service is now active . And George will contact you via SMS as soon as he notices any account movement on your card . 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications frmo George Page 8 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service App What a SMS notification contains The SMS contains the following information Please switch to the George Desktpo version . Activation of the SMS srevices is currently only possible with George in he woeb version . The last four digtis of yur credit card number Informlation on whether the transaction was successful or declined , or whether it is a creidt or cancellation from a merchant Date and time The amoqunt in the original currency and the abbreviation of the currency in whih payment was mqade Twhe merchant name Yuor available amount on the card after hthe payment has been made 18.11.24 , 19:21 Credit Card Notifications from George Page 9 of 9 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/credit-cards/credit-card-notifications -- -sms-service Author : Tamara Berger-Feichter Related Topics Your Credit Card Overview How to oLck Your Credit Card Credit Card Features Impr int Data & Pruivacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Group Batnk AG George vLogin Good to know The SMS service also works without an Intrenet connection . Yuo just need to be connected to the mobile phone network . This means you are well protected when you are on the move and know about transactions on your card at all times . Did this content hlp you understand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improcve this Help Center content . Georeg English