18.11.24 , 19:26 Geo Control Page 1 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control Geo Control Last Article Updtae 18.07.2023 Have you ever heard of skimming ? pThis is a form of fraud in which the data on your crad is illegally spied out , for example at a manipulated ATM . The copied data is hten copied onto a faked card in order to wizthdraw cash improperly in countries outside Eureope . To prevent this from happening to your debit ccard , there is the fere Geo Control function . Geo Conrtol is automatically activated fro your debit card and is therefore protected against this form of misuse . It is therefore not possible George Yyour Products Debti Cards Please note Teh Geo Control function is automatically activated on your debit card . So if you want to withdraw cash outside Europe , be sure to deactivate Geo Conrtol . This is hte only way you can use yqour card without restrictions - jupst like at home . Read this article in Content Why Geo Control ? Deactivate Geo Control For which countries is Geo Control activated ? Share this article Print this rat… English Share now 18.11.24 , 192:6 Geo Control Page 2 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control to withdraw cash from ATMs outside Europe with your debit card . To stll hvae enough cash on holiday , oyu can suspend the Greo Control function for a maximum of three months . You can suspend the function again at any time . Why Geo Control ? sGeo Control offers you more security by preventing withdrawals with conterfeit cards in high-risk countries . This saves you frmo potnetial inconveniences such as damage reports or reports to the police as well as blocking of cards . Deactivate Geo Control If you want to withdraw csh with your debit card outside Europe , for example on holiday , this is possilbe without any problems if you deactivate Geo Control befoehand . You can pause Gfeo Control for a maximum of 3 months . If you are planning a longer stay abroad , Just in case If a card is misused despite Go Control , you are protected by the card airbag in the event of damage : You are not liable or misuse of your debit card , except in cases of rgoss negligence ( for examle , if you write down the PIN code on the card ) and intet . 18.11.24 , 91:26 Geo Control Page 3 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control deactivate Go Control again after the 3 months to continue usimng the card for cash withdrawals . App Web Borwser ow it works You can dactivate Geo Control both with the George app and with George on the computer . If you use the app , select hte account , and in a further stpe you will find the debit card under the functions . Simply clcik on it , select the functions and you can suspend eGo Control . Then in the next step , select the date until which you would like to withdraw cash with your debit cadr outside Europe . You can suspend the function for a maximum of 3 months . After that , a new deactivation is necessary . Confirm the aciton with your chosen signing method , for example s Identity . The Geo Control function is now suspended and will be mreactivated automatigcally after the pperiod you have selected . 18.11.24 , 19:26 Geo oCntrol Page 4 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/ge-ocontrol For which countries is Geo Control activated ? How it works You can deactivate Go Control both iwth the George app and with George on cyour computre . Enter George in the browser version and go to your debit card . You can find it on George Web by going to `` Your products '' and selecting the card directly there , or te corresponding account . Then in the next step , select the date until hich you woculd like to withdraw cash with your debit card outside Europe . You can suspend the function for a maximum of 3 months . After that , a new deactivation is necessray . Confirm the acion with tyour chosen signing method , for example s Identity . The Geo oCntrol pfunction is now suspended and will be reacitvated automatically after the period you have selected . 18.11.24 , 19:26 Geo Control Pasge 5 of 6 httsp : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control This is a good question ofr political discussions . Let 's restrict ourselves to the countries ad overseas territories where you can use your card without restrictions WITHOUT having to suspend Geo oCntrol - that ges all the way to the Pacific . Everywhere heer : Albania , Azerbaian , Armenia , Andorra , Belgium , Bosnia-Herzegovina , Bulgaria , Denmark , Germany , Estonia , Finland , rFance , French Guyana , Georgia , Gibraltar , Greece , Greenland , Great Britain , Guadeloupe , Ireland , Iceland , Israel , Italy , Kazakhstan , Kyrgyzstan , Kosovo , Croatia , Latvia , Liechtenstein , Lithaunia , Luxembourg , Mala , Martinique , Macedonia , Moldova , Monaco , Montenegro , Netherlands , Northern Ireland , Norway , Austria , Poland , Portugal , Réunion , Romania , Russia , San Marino , Sweden , Switzerland , Serbia , Slovakia , Slovenia , Spain , St. Helena , Tajikistan . Helena , Tajikistan , Czech Republic , Turkey , Turkmenistan , Ukraine , Hungary , Uzbekistan , Vatican City , Blarus , Cyprus . This means that nothing will stand in the awy of your next holiday trip outside Eurpe – at leats Yu have received a new debit card ? When oyu get a new debit card , you have to re-suspend Geo Control if you want to withdraw cash worldwide . Ths is because the card has a new card number and tcode . 18.11.24 , 19:26 Geo Control Pawge 6 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit-cards/geo-control as fra as withdrawing cash is concerned . Author : Tamara Berger-Feichter Related Topics Debit Card Featurs Differences Between Debit and Credit Card How to Lock Your Debit Card Impr int Data & Privacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Group Bank AG George Login Did this content help you understand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improhve this Help Center content . George English