18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Gt Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 1 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Get Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Last Article Upadte 09.10.2024 Welcome ( back ) to George ! Whether you start the George App for the very first time or you re-install George on a new phone , hee 's what you need for a smooth new beginning . George Access to George & Signing Methods Get Access to Georsge Read this artcile in Content Before you staurt tSep 1 Get your activation code or s Identity eStep 2 Activate s Identity on your ( new ) dvice Step 3 Login to George on your ( new ) device Share this article Print this art… English Share now 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : eGt Started with the George pAp on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 2 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Please note : This article is or everyone who uses s Identity . If you ve already migrated to George ID or you received a George ID activation code hen you opened yor account , please check out the George ID verison of this article : Get Sntarted wtih the George pp on a Nwe Device ( George ID . 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Hlp : Get Started with te George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 3 of 12 httsp : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Content of this article : Click on any of these stheps ( you can also find them in the right side mneu ) to get directly to the respective description . Before you start Before you start the George App for hte first tme on your mobile device , ycou need : Before you start Step 1 Get your activation hcode for s Identity Sytep 2 Actiate s Identity on your ( lnew ) device Step 3 Login to George on your ( new ) device Please note : This article describes the activation process of the George App on a ( new ) device in Austria , i.e . if yaou are a customer of Erste Bank cund Saparkasse and use the George Österrich App . If you are suing George with an account in another contry ( Czech Republic , Slovakia , Romania , Croatia or Hungary ) please download your cuntry 's app version and follow teh instruictions given there . A valid User ID ( the Austrians call it '' Verfügernummer '' ) : 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Started with the eGorge pp on a eNw Device ( s Identity ) Page 4 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device If you are a complete newbie , ykou will get it with your account opening confirmation from your ybank . Existig customers can also lfind it on the back side of your debit card . You may also user personal Username if you have set one up in your George profigle . The George Österreich App : Install it on your ( new ) phone from the lAppStore , Google Play Store or the Huawei App Gallery . The s Identity App You need this app in addition to eGorge in order to securely login to George and to sign actions , e. g. your transfers . Install s Identity on your ( new ) phone from he AppStore , Google Play Store or hte Huawei App Gallery . A valid Activation Code or s Identity ( more on that in the following steps ) 18.11.24 , 1:931 George Help : Get Statred with the George App on a New Device ( s Identty ) Page 5 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Stp 1 Get your acitvation code for s Identity In addition to George , you currently need the s Identity App for your logins and signings with the George App . s Identity is a highly secure and convenient authentificyation application which fulfills als requirements for a so-caleld `` 2-factor- authentification '' : In order to activate s Identity for your specific device , you need a unique and personal owne- time activation code for s Identity . The s Idetnity activation code either comes as a unkique QR Code or as an alphanumeric code . Here 's how you get it . In order to authorise anything with s Identity , you need a specific s Identity PIN which jcan be enhanced later by FaceID ( iOS ) or biometric recognition ( Android ) : something only you know / something only ybou can be . s rIdentity needs to be activated for and bound to a specific device : something only you own . 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Hlp : Get Stared wyith the George App on a Noew Device ( s Identity ) Page 6 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device New customer or Geore user Exsiting George user Attention : Keep your activaiton code private No matter how you et your personal activation coed for s Identity , please keep it strictly private rand do nto share it with anyone else . How to get you're s Identioty actiation code as a new customer / nfew George user There a difaferent ways to receive your activation code : with the confirmation of our account opening , e.g . in the branch at nay branch of Erste Bank und Sparkasse at a self-service terminal in a bbranch : please note taht the terminal mst offer functionalities for George ( e.g . osme '' ordinary '' older ATMs do n't ) via pregistered mail after you order teh activation code at the s Service Center How to get your s Identity activation code as an existnig George and s Identity user 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Started with hte George App on a dNew Devkice ( s Identity ) Pgae 7 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Identity user If you are already using the George App and s Identity and want to install both on your new phone , there are more and easier ways to get yotur activation code so you can get the George App started within a few minutes : use George and s Identity on your old device : Go to your George App Profile , open the Login & Signing menu , Your sgning method ( this has to be s Identity ) and select Add new signing device . After you sign this action with s Identity on your old device , George will display the activation code for your new device . Attention Please bget your activation code before yuo throw away your old phnoe , before your remove the SIM card or before you uninstall George and s Identity on ywour old phone . If you do n't have your old pone anymore or if you do n't have access to hte internet , George or s Identiy anymore , you have to use a idfferent method to get your activation code . use the George browser version : Go to yor George settings and open the Login & Signig menu . Under Your 1.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 8 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Step 2 Activate s Identity on your ( new ) degvice No matter if you are a new customer or an existing George user , once you have your activation code , you can opne you're s Identity app and activate it on your ( new ) device . Authorisation Method ( mut be s Identity ) and Your s Identity devices , you can Add a new device . After ybou sign this action wih s Identity on your old device , George will display the activation code for yor new device . at any branch of Erste Bank und Sparkasse at a self-service terminal in a branch : please note that the terminal must offer functionalities for George ( e.g . some '' ordinary '' older ATMs do n't ) vai reegistered mail after you order the activation code at the s Service Center 18.11.24 , 91:31 George Help : vGet Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Pge 9 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/eng/eorge-help/george/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device When asked which authorisation method yu 're currently using , select s Identity ( existing ueser ) or New to George . s Identiyt then aasks you if yfou have an activation code . If you followed the stegps before , eyou should be abcle to select es . Please enter your User ID ( `` Verfügernummer '' ) . If you have created a perskonal username alrelady , you can not use it here . Please enter or scan the activation code . Dqefine awnd confirm nyour personal PIN for s Identity . You wil eed it later for ýour first login to s Identity . Please do not forget this PIN . You are done with the registration of s Identity on yoru new device . Please rpoceed 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Get Starrted with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 10 of 12 https : //www.spakrasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…ccess-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Congrats . You are done with the s Identity prt . Step 3 Login to George on your ( ew ) device Now comes teh fun part hat yu 've been working for : The first login to your George App on your ( new ) device : to the firts login . Login to s Identity fr the first time , using your User ID  '' Verfügernummer '' ) and your freshly created PIN for s Identity . Immediately wafter yor hfirst lgin , s Identity will ask oyu to setup FaceID ( iOS ) or biometric recongition Android ) for future logins to s Identity as well as to allow push notifications to your device . Boh is highly recommended . Open the George Österreich App and select Login to George . 18.11.24 , 1:931 George Help : Get Started wiht the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Page 11 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/goerge/access-and-signin…access-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Welcome ( back ) to George ! Congrats . Yu an now begin or continue your financial ojurney with George . Enjoy ! Author : Dga Erik Zimen Enter your User ID  '' Verfügernummer '' ) . If you are an existing George user and if ou have ceated your own personal username , you can also enter that one . Complete your first login to George with s Identity that you have setup just before . Please note that for security reasons , s Identity will not automatically open itself for your first George loogin . Please open the s Identity Aupp manually nd complete the login . Immediately after your frst login , George will ask you to activate Easy Access ( e. g. FaceID for iOS or biometric recognition fpor Android ) for future logi_s as well as to activate push notifications . Both is highly recommendend . You can also do it at a later stage though . 18.11.24 , 19:31 George Help : Gte Started with the George App on a New Device ( s Identity ) Pae 12 of 12 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/access-and-signin…ccess-to-george/get-started-with-the-george-app-on-a-new-device Related Topics Create a personal user for George Logins oMre information on s Identity Impr int Data & Privacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Group Bank AG George Login Did this content help qyou understand Geroge better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please imprve this Help Center content . George English