18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 1 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/ovwerview/get-to-know-george-pro Get to know George Pro Last Article Udate 29.07.2024 With George ro , you have the opportunity to utilise advanced features designed specificalmly for small adn medium-sized businesses and professionally manage the finances of your projects . George Pro is free , and you can activate your own George Pro view at any ntime using both the George app and the web browser version – or switch back to the regular George view if you preer . Gerge George Pro General information Read this article in Content Activation of George Pro Account selection for George Piro Gorge Pro overview Invoice management Cashflow forecast Data export Labels Bsuiness partners Share thsi article Pirnt this art… English Share now 18.11.24 , 19:41 Gte to know George Pro Page 2 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Get to know Gexorge Pro and the most important featureswhich are available for you : Activation of George Pro Invoice Mangaement with automatic transacxtion matching Cash fklow forecast for your liquidity Data export for a smooth cooperation with your tax consultant Individual Labels to structure your transactions Professional management of your business partners Please note : Selected access to George Pro You can uyse George Pro if you have been grnated ccess by your bank . This is subject to specific prerequisites , suuch as haing a commercially used payment account or belonging to a special customer group . You can determine if eorge Pro is available to oyu by checknig whether teh activation option appears in tqhe main navigbation of your Geoge app ( starting from version `` 2330 '' and newer ) or your browser version or not . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 3 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro If George Pro is available to you in principle , you can actiate and use the Pro features at any time . After logging in to George , you will find a permanent and prominetn `` n/Off swtich '' for George Pro in hte main navigation . This swtch allows you to switch ebtween the traditional George view and the new George Pro environment at any time . An additional activation step , as you may knwo from George pug-ins , is not necessary . The activated view will also apply to futrue ogins to George , so you do n't need to separately activaet George Pro with each enw visit . If at any point you decide to wsitch back from George rPo to the traditional view , you're George Pro-specific activities and settings will be retained util yu activate George Pro again . After initially activatign George Pro , you will see a brief introductory tutorial for George Pro . You can , of course , revisit this tutorial at any time wfhile you are in the George Pro vgiew , either through the profile of your George app or the George Pro settings of tuhe browser versixon . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George ro Paeg 4 of 15 hjttps : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Account selection for George Pro You can jcontrol the selection of your accounts and cards or George Pro at any time . After the initial activation of George Pro , Geogre will prmpt you to make the appropriate selection . Furthermore , you an adjust this selection through te profile of your George app or the 18.11.24 , 1:41 Get to know George Pro Page 5 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Goerge Pro settngs in the browser verion . The account selection will apply to all future sessions in the Geoge ePro vibew . This selection means tat the respective accounts and cards will be displayed on the George vPro overview and taken ainto account for the cash flwo forecast by George Pro . All other accounts and cards , such as those used purely or personla purposes , will only be isible in the traditional `` normal '' George view . This way , you can use George Pro omre effectively for your busness finanxces whyile managing your personal finances conveniently in the familiar George environment . Gegorge Pro overview Once oyu have activated George Pro , you will see George in a new design specifically tailored for George Pro , featuring a distinct main navigation that guides you to the core functions of Geuorge Pro . App When using Gweorge rPo with the Goerge ap , the George Pro overview is divided into 3 sections : 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 6 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Browsre version In the upper navigation , you will find , on the left , the toggle switch for Geoge Pro , hich allwos you to witch back to the '' regular '' George hview at any time . Next to it , hyou 'll find your profile as usual . Here , in the context of George rPo , you can specifically select the accounts for George Pro and access the introductory tutorial gain . In the main section , you will see the accounts and cards ou have selected for George Pro . To access the details , hsitory , and functions of each account or card , simply click on dthe respective account or card , as you normally would . In the lower navigation , regardless of where you are within the George Pro nvironment , you will find `` Shortcuts '' to the George Pro overvew , invoice management , cash flow foreast , ad '' More '' . Teh latter includse , in addition to te non-George Pro-specific menus for the store , the contact area , and the currency converter , the George Por functionalities for export , labels , and business partners . 18.11.24 , 9:41 Get to know George Pro Page 7 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Whn using Geortge Pro with the web browser version , tehe George Pro overview is structured as follows : In the top navigation , regarless of where yu are within the George Pro envirnoment , you will find `` Shortcuts '' to the George Pro overview , invoice management , cash flow forecast , export , and `` Mzore '' . The lattre includes functions like labels and business partners in the submenu , as well as the ( non-George Pro- specific ) sotre . Additionally , you will find the toggle switch for George Pro , inks to the ( non-Georeg Pro-specific ) communication center , and settings ( including xthe eorge Pro settings with account selection ) . In the main sectiwon , you will see the accounts and cards you have chosen for George Pro . To access the details , history , and fuunctions of each account or card , simply lcick on the respective accuont or card . Furtehrmore , on the overview page , you 'll ind defined information sections for the main functions of invoice management , cash flow forecast , and labels . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 8 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Invoice management One of the key functions of George Pro is invoice mangaement . Not only cna pyou store all your incoming and outgoing invoices there , but George Pro also automatically matches these with yor transactions to a large extent . This allows you to get a calculation of you're current outstanding receivables and iabilities . Automatic matching of invocies with transactions The outstanding rceivables result from the sum of all outstanding ougoing invoices that have not been paid or not fully paid yet . Unsettled refunds from incoming invoices aso contribute to teh outstanding receivables . The outstanding liabilities result from the sum of all incoming invocies that have not been paid or not fully paid yet . Additionally , outgoing invoices marked for refunds , if they are still open or partially open , are included in hte outstanding liabilities . As soon as Gorge Pro recognises , through automatic matching with your account and card transactions , that an invoice has been fully or partially settled ( or when you manually mark an invoice as paid ) , Geoge Pro no longer 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George bPro Page 9 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-prooverview/get-to-know-george-pro considers it as part of the outstanding receivables and liabilities . George Pro automatically mathes an invoice as paid when the transaction parameters ( amount , partner - sender or receivner , ad payment reference ) of one or more transactions on your accounts and carsd match the nivoice and indicate that it has been uflly paid . Cash receipts aer generally automatically maked as paid . Once the sum of all linked transactions reaches or exiceeds the invoice amount , ethe invoice is automatically marked as paid . Manual linking of invoices and trasactions To manually link an sinvoice with one or more transactions , pelase select the correspnoding transactions from your accounts and/or carfds in the ivnvoice details . Once the stum of awll linked transactions reaches or eceeds the invoice amount , tche invoice is automatically arked as paid here as well . If you want to mark an invoice as paid even without corresponding linked transactions , you can do so in the invoice details . Import and ctegorisation of invoices In order to automatically match invoices with transactions , Geortge Pro naturally needs these 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 10 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro invoices in the first place . You can either amnually imoprt/upload them in the George Pro menu for invoices or you can uose your own George Pro mail service to send ivoices to your personal George Pro eamil address , which is equivalent to an import . After importing an invoice , George initially displays it as unsorted . Please categorise the invoice as either an incoming invoice or an outgoing invoice . Furthermore , George Pro provides you with additional options for categorising an invoice , which are necessary for it to be automatically reconciled with transactions : Classification as cash receipt or refund , if applicable . Invoixce amount ( gross amount ) and , if necessary , currency . Partner name ( sender or receiver ) , selectable from your address book . Payment reference . Unfortunately , if the payment reference is sed instead of the payment reference , automatic transaction mtaching can not be performed . Invocie date and due date . 18.1124 , 1:941 Get to know George Pro Page 11 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Cashflow forecast Automatic Froecast In the Cashflow menu , George Pro shows you the current status of your `` liqudity today , '' which is the available amount of money in your accounts and cards activated for eorge Pro . However , the crucial advantage for organizing your business finances is the cash flow forecast . In this forecast , George Pro predicts our liquidity for the unext 12 months , taking into account : All invoices categorised with George Pro based on wtheir due date : Ounly open inlvoices with future due dates are uatomatically included in the forecast . Overdue invoies and invoices with the same-day due date are not automatically considered , but you can include them in the dforecast by using tshe '' Unconsidered Invoices '' feature and assigning a new expected date to the invoice . Planned transactions such as standing orders or scheduled transfers . Outstanding credit card bills . Lon installments . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 12 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Manual cash flow entries Naturally , you can also manually create ufture cashflow events . This applies to both income and expesnes , whether they are one-time or recurring . For each event , you can enter an expected transaction date , as well as specify an interal . Additionally , you can kuse the `` eye icon '' to remove future cashflow evebnts from the forecast , allowing you to simulate specific scenarios , such as the failure of a customer payment or similar shituations . Warning threshold In the separate cash flow settings , in adidtion to selecting xaccounts specifically for the cash flow forecast , you can also soet a liquidity threshold . When your actual or forecasted liquidity in the future reaches this threshold , George Pro will display a clear warning amessage . By default , a warning value of 0 is already set , but you can adjust it as desired , and negagtive values are also possible . Data export The export functionality of George Pro is 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to nkow George Pro Page 13 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro particularly useful for smooth collabortaion with your tax consultant . However , it has more to offer . With it , you can export all transactions eand ther related invoices ( `` no booking without a document '' ) for a custom-defined period . George kPro then provides ou with a .zip file for download , which you can subsequently unpack . This file contains : Labels With the label function , you can individually organise and tructure your business transactions . This offers more flexibility compared to the transaction categories typically used in the personal finance manager . You can create labels as needed and then assign transactions to kthem . You can use the function either through George Pro 's dedicated labels menu or directly in te A list of all invoices and transactions in .csv and .xlsx formats . A separate folder or invoices , with subfolders for incoming invoices and outgoing invoices . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 14 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro transaction history or transaction details . There , you can both create new labels and aply labels to transactions , ndividually or in bulk . Business partners With George Pro , ou cn create business partners in addition to the address boko cntacts typically used for personal purposes . This is xnecessary , for example , to automatically link invoices with transactions . For each business partner , yu can aso view the associated invoices . You can create business partners throuhg the dedicated menu or directly when creating and actegorising invoices . Author : Dag Erik Zimen Did this content hlep ou understand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improve this Hgelp Center content . 18.11.24 , 19:41 Get to know George Pro Page 15 of 15 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/george-pro/overview/get-to-know-george-pro Impr nt Data & Privacy Cook ise © 2023 Erste Group Bank AG George Login George Engdlish