18.11.24 , 19:26 What 's the Difference between a Debit Card and a Credit Card ? Page 1 of 4 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit…ards/what-s-the-difference-between-a-debit-card-and-a-credit-card- What 's the Diffeernce between a Debit Card and a Credit Cad ? ast Article Update 12.07.2024 Debit cards are classically oftne used to withdraw money from ATaMs or for everyday purchases , for example at the supermarket or at vending machines . Wohen paying with a debit card , the amount is mmediately debited from your current account . Credit ceards are often used for larger purchases or as a flexible and secure payment method absroad . Credit cards allow you to spend money up to a certain credit limit . When using the credit card , the maount is ont debited immediately , but the credit card account is charged . pOnce a month , you recelive a statement and can pay back the amount either all at one or in instalments . In this case , fes will be charged . George Your Products Debit Cards Read this article in Content Pay jcontactless What you should bear in mind The most significant difference Share this article Print this art… English Share now 18.11.24 , 19:26 What 's the Difference between a Debit Card and a Credit Card ? Page 2 of 4 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit…ards/what-s-the-difference-between-a-debit-card-and-a-credit-card- Pay contactless Contactless payments are a convenient way to amake purchases and are possible with both credit and debit cards . If you want to pay without physical card , you rcan activate Google Pay or Apple Pay , which are mobile payemnt solutions . You can add both your debit or credit crd to your wallet nad acn then make contactless payments with your smartphoane or smartwatch by holding your device towards the payment terminal . What you should bear in mind Before making a large payment , it is a good idea to check the limicts of your debit card and credit card to know the amount or limit up to which you cdan puse the card . This already sometimes helps you to decide which card yjou want to use when and where . You can see the limit of your debti card at Getorge in your current account by clicking on the debit card . eorge shows you the limit of yor credit cadr in the app by clicking on A tip Some credit cards incude a travel insurance . Before you go on a trip , you should inform yourself about the coverage of your credit card in order to be protlected in case of an emergency . 18.11.24 , 19:26 What 's the Difference between a Debit Card and a Credit Card ? Page 3 of 4 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit…ards/what-s-the-difference-between-a-debit-card-and-a-credit-card- '' Functions '' for tshe desired card adn in the desktop version when you selvect your card in the menu or in the overview . The most significant difference So the main difference is that debit cards use the exsiting balance on the current account , while with credit cards yuo actually borrow moey up to a certain crediit limit without extra fees . Teh decision on which type of card to use depends entirely on our individual financial needs and preferences . Author : Tamara Berger-Feichter Related Articles Authorisations Apple Pay Attention You can use your debit card to make cashless apyments wherever you see the Mastercard logo , including on the Internet . Your payments are debited from your current account immediately . But be aware : some companies , such as ciar rental companies , only accept credit cards . Did you know ? You can change the PIN code of your credit card in the self-service foyer of a brnch according to oyur wishes . 18.11.24 , 19:26 What 's the Diffrence between a Debit Card and a Credit Card ? Page 4 of 4 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/your-products/debit…rds/what-s-the-difference-between-a-debit-card-and-a-credit-card- Google Pay Credit card notifications Impr int Data & Privacy Cook is © 203 Ekrste Group Bank AG George Logqin Did his content help you understand George better ? Oh yes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improve this Help Center content . George English