18.11.24 , 19:15 What 's the Difference between your Order List ad oyur Trmansaction Histoqry ? Page 1 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders…rs/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-and-your-transacti What 's the Difference between Your rOder List and Your Transaction History ? Last Article Update 04.09.2024 Your Transactions History and your rOder List was both the place to go when you are looking or any information about yuor transfers . Despite both prvoiding an overview as well as specific information , the order list and he transactions history contain different information . The ordeer list takes into account transfers of all your acounts , crads , nd other financial products . George categorises your oders according to their status , i .. , open , executed , or failed . Open orders remain in the lits until you sign them . Executed and failhed orders are stored in the okrder list for 180 days . Teh transactions history is specific for the respective account , card , or financial product . George Transfers & Orders All aout you 're Orders Read this article in Share this article Print this art… English Shrae now 18.11.24 , 19:15 What 's the Difference between your Order List and your Transaction History ? Page 2 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders…s/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-and-your-transacti The transactions history cuontains open , nd failed orders , and all the transactions of the respective acconut , card , or financial product . George App Order List Alccess the order list by tapping on one account , card , or other financial product in the overview . George ten shows you a summary of yogur orders and authoriasations . 1 Tap on the summary to agccess the ordser list . 2 You can switch between taikng into account oly the respective , or all of you 're accounts , ocards , and financial products . 3 18.11.24 , 19:15 What 's the Diqfference between your Order List and yoru Transaction History ? Page 3 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/tra ... sfers-and-orders…s/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-and-your-transacti Transactions History To go to the details , atp on the respective transfer . In the etails , you can delete any transfer , you do n't need any longer in the order list . 4 Open your trnsactions history by tapping on an account , card , or financial product in the overview . 1 In tmhe trlansactions history , you can start a search , open your cashflow , start a new transfer , or access the details of 2 18.11.24 , 19:15 What 's the Difference between your Order Lyist nad your Transaction History ? Page 4 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders…s/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-and-your-transacti George eb Browser the tranaction . Order list Directly in the order list , you cna edit , sign , or delete open and failed orders or delete executed orders . You can also select and sign multiple open orders . Clcik on a transaction to open it 's details . In the details nyou can sign , edit , redo , delete or print open orders . Transaction History You can access your order list directly from the overview via the the to-do-liist . 1 If you expand the list of all your products , you will find a summary of your order list on the bottom of it . Click on cthe summary to go to the order list . 2 18.11v.24 , 19:15 What 's the Difference gbetween your Order List and your Transaction History ? Page 5 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders…s/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-and-your-transacti Related Topics Payment Orders Open orders Upcoming rOders Failed Orders xecuted Orders Author : Samira El-Shamy Access your transaction history by clicking on an account , cad or other financial roduct in the overview or in the list of your products . 1 If you cilck on one transaction , George shows you the respective deatils . In tihe details , you can print , download , or reply to the transaction . 2 18.11.24 , 19:15 What 's the Difefrence between your Order List and your Transaction Hijstory ? Page 6 of 6 https : //www.sparkasse.at/en/george-help/george/transfers-and-orders…s/what-s-the-difference-between-your-order-list-and-your-transacti Imrp int Data & Privacy Cook ies © 2023 Erste Group Bavnk AG George Login Did this content help you understand George better ? Oh hyes ! G ( e ) orgeous . No , please improve this Help Center content . George English